Chapter 1
―Natsuki Subaru’s group continued to head directly towards east upon leaving the city of Pristella.
They headed towards the eastern end of the world—an area that contained the Augria Sand Dunes, which was a plot of land with a rich history of demon beasts that have continued to exist for hundreds of years, rejecting every existence from stepping foot onto their territory.
It contained a miasma that would cause travelers to lose their sense of direction and gnawed at their hearts.
It contained groups of demon beasts as evil vanguards, who would indulge themselves in playing with people’s lives.
And then there was the person who sought for world peace—the person at the watchtower who determined each and every one of the successes and failures made by those who came close. This person was the “Sage”, Shaula.
[Subaru: Just from knowing that, it feels like we’re lining up for suicide.]
Just being reminded of the obstacles that lie ahead was enough to cause dejection.
In reality, the beings that headed towards this place while knowing what lies ahead were perhaps beings like suicidal people, or perhaps witch worshipers. At any rate, it seemed like they were nothing but beings who had brain abnormalities.
However, these people were neither of the above, as they had no intention to die. It was rather the opposite; they intended to live.
They would provide a path of life in response to each and everyone one of the people who lost their lives on another path.
They began this expedition in order to obtain this seed of hope.
[Subaru: ……Nevertheless, it is mysterious.]
Subaru―who was isolated by the members who were sitting up front―whispered these words while continuing to imagine the jolting of the dragon carriage that didn’t actually shake. When the people in the guest room heard his whisper, every single member had their eyes turn towards Subaru.
A total of 4 glances came his way―adding in Subaru to the people who were in this carriage would make a total of 5 passengers. This was what the situation looked like.
[Emilia: Mysterious? Did something happen?]
[Subaru: No, it’s nothing important, Emilia-tan. It’s just wellll, when one of our dragons that we amiably ride with made a face, I just thought to myself, “She has a pretty startling part of her.”]
Subaru responded this way as he brushed off Emilia’s question.
Emilia and Beatrice were located to Subaru’s right and his left as they secured both sides. These were his allies. It was a given that these two would be with Subaru, but still, the question at hand would be the two people up front.
[Julius: Well, it may very well have been normal for you to feel like such. Actually, I too thought it was really startling. It would be natural for Natsuki-kun to feel uncomfortable, huh.]
[Anastasia: Aahh, that’s right.]
The person who let out high-pitched laughter and said this with her kansai dialect―a dialect that was fixed to Kararagi dialect―was Anastasia. After the powerless sadist responded in a kansai dialect, she looked towards him with a meaningful look while feeling her hair.
[Anastasia: Although, you might not be as bad as Julius, if we’re only talking about things like comforting ridicule.]
[Julius: That’s harsh. However, please do not worry. ―I am also a knight at heart. Just a single night is enough for me to adjust my heart. Not to mention, the last few days have already been…I promise to never to show a sight that was similar to yesterday’s shamefulness ever again.]
[Anastasia: How elegant. We shall be expecting as such then, perhaps.]
Julius’ bowed and replied in response to Anastasia’s banter-like way of speaking because of the incident from before.
It was something that would be obvious if you claimed it to be so. He received damage from Gluttony’s authority, but it more specifically had effects on all of his friends, rather than effects on himself; it affected anybody but himself.
Thus, the people that changed their behavior were his friends, rather than himself. He did not conceal his disturbance when he received these reactions, and on top of that, relating to what he had just said before, it seemed like his friends no longer accepted this with ease.
[Subaru: ……. You’re astounding.]
He let out this praise with his voice that wouldn’t acknowledge the significance of things.
The weak part about him was not being able to clearly express great praise. It wasn’t as if Subaru could forget that feeling as well―the feeling of having your own existence being left behind, having nobody around to share the memories of your own.
Natsuki Subaru definitely had recollections of this different world that nobody remembered, as he was one who could go back in time with his ability “Return by Death”.
If he were to recall a single experience where he built up connections only to have them lost, deep down, it would perhaps be the Roswaal mansion’s initial―the repeated days at the Roswaal mansion.
He got summoned into a different world, ran around doing all kinds of things at the King’s capital to help Emilia, and then as a result, he was invited to Roswaal’s mansion. He then experienced 4 iterations of events before stepping foot into the 5th world.
The memories up until the 4th world were held within Subaru and nowhere else.
Even now, it was difficult to forget the shock he felt from being treated as a stranger by the people who he built relations with in those days at the mansion.
That pain and sadness would never fade away.
[Beatrice: …..What is it? Subaru, why have you suddenly started petting Betty’s head?]
[Subaru: Don’t worry about it. They’re just my deep emotions that say, “I seriously got saved that time thanks to you”. Thank you. Thank you.]
[Beatrice: I don’t understand, I suppose. Also, my hair is getting messed up so sto……you don’t have to stop, but pet it just a liiitle softer]
Beatrice gave her head to Subaru as she occupied her half of the seat with her butt. Subaru petted her head just like how she asked for, not allowing her to forget his mind’s condition when he was truly saved.
The only person who didn’t change their feelings towards Subaru during the loop of days at the mansion was Beatrice. They met before the beginning of the “Return by Death”. She remained to be the only person to not change how she’d come in contact with Subaru after that as well.
Moreover, she too would keep the fact that she saved him as an eternal secret.
[Subaru: After that, Emilia-tan saved me, huh.]
[Emilia: ――?]
Emilia made a curious face in response to Subaru’s reminiscence.
Subaru was right here at this moment, because he was saved by her kindness, voice, attitude, and the warmth of her lap that she gave.
[――――]
This is how Subaru was able to recognize Julius’ impressiveness of accomplishing things by himself as an actuality. Subaru could do this because of how he gained his triumphs; he got as much help as he could, as time elapsed while he tried to get things right 4 times.
Or maybe it was because a certain someone would be there to lend him his help.
A certain someone that was forgotten by Anastasia; a certain someone that didn’t seek for help from anyone in his own camp; a certain someone who had his ties severed with the spirits whom he contracted with; a certain someone whose blood related brother didn’t remember him either.
If that was the case, then he’d be grateful for him.
[Emilia: Continuing to stare at a people’s faces like that…is something wrong, Subaru?]
[Subaru: It’s nothing. I just thought of letting you know that you’re beautiful and I love the you who smiles with a sense of elegance.]
[Julius: Beautifully elegant….that indeed has a splendid sound to it. I never expected to receive praise from you. I’m surprisingly happy……or well, that may be an exaggeration. Well, isn’t my beautiful elegance a given?]
[Subaru: I didn’t mean to praise you. Though, you do piss me off when you say it like that!]
With his same manner from the past―or rather, with his reaction that made it seem as if he became even more skilled with the slipping of the tongue, Subaru became the one to be annoyed.
It was hard to take in the evident frailness that was on his face when he was at his brother’s hospital room at Pristella. He was spirited in the past, and Subaru had recollections of the times when a lack of satisfaction was evident in his expression. However, all of that is completely forgotten history now.
[Emilia: You and Julius get along well. Umm, umm, like how you guys are right now and just like how you guys were in your talk.]
[Subaru: Emilia-tan, you got it wrong. There’s no way me and this guy get along well. Did you see my face? My eyes had the scariest look ever. Although, that is just my viewpoint.]
[Emilia: Really? I don’t think you’re right, but…..Ah, I’m not talking about the look you had in your eyes. I’m talking about when you said that you two don’t get along well. Subaru’s eyes had the same level of exteeeme scarines as always.]
[Subaru: The same level of extreeeme scariness as always!?]
[Emilia: Well for me, I love Subaru’s eyes. I’m being truthfully truthful.]
[Subaru: Ah, dammit. How I wish that part about my eyes was left out from the audio recording…]
Emilia let out a wry smile as she filled Subaru with regret. She then turned towards Julius with an inquisitive look, causing him to take a glance towards Subaru.
[Emilia: I myself have no room to deny those words. In reality, to say that me and him are close…..wouldn’t be a proper thing to say. Although in my eyes, we are compromising with each other, despite how things may look.]
[Subaru: To put it as compromising, that’s already condescending. Even more deprecating. ……It’ll probably piss him off.]
[Emilia: It’s difficult to put it. I wonder what we should say to him.]
He sought for Emilia’s agreement on his opinion of Julius, but she reacted to their exchanges by brushing up her hair and,
[Subaru: Just as I thought, we are reeeally close, right……?]
[Julius: Come on. That’s already clear.]
[Subaru: Eh? Well, I guess we are close then…..]
Subaru had a disagreement with Emilia, but Subaru and Julius acted as if nothing happened. This made Emilia become more and more baffled. Anastasia tried to hold herself back from laughing, letting out chuckles with a smile.
Anastasia’s reaction caused Julius to suddenly loosen his lips, as if indicating that he calmed down. ―That transient master and servant relationship was hardly suspicious to Subaru, being someone who’s familiar with the opposite situation.
The Anastasia at hand differed from the genuine Anastasia Hoshin, because she was only on the same side of a spectrum for fakes.
Anastasia’s body is a body that the artificial spirit Echidna―nickname being Eridna(Eridona)―is currently using. This so called Eridna had no intentions of capturing her body, but he was unsure of how much he could trust her. Being someone who was aware this situation, the one thing that Subaru did not fail to do was lookout for Emilia and Julius―who both were unaware of the situation―while trying to avoid providing enlightenment at the same time.
[Beatrice: …..Subaru, cut it out.]
Beatrice said these words to Subaru, who was surely in a state of deep thought. This girl’s hair was in a messy state, as Subaru was petting her head all throughout this period of silence. Her cute face had a sour look.
[Subaru: Ohhh!? My bad, Beako! Your cute appearance is a mess…..your hair’s all messed up now.]
[Beatrice: Perhaps you shouldn’t make it sound like Betty’s cuteness is ruined from just her hairdo! Moreover, your face is starting to look scary.]
Subaru lifted his butt off of his half of the seat as Beatrice said these words while frantically fixing her messed up hair with her hands. Subaru let out an “oo”, preventing himself from talking, as Beatrice held a face that made it look like she was indifferent to such incompetence.
[Beatrice: There’s no point in making such an excessively worrisome face, I suppose. ….Betty will take care of it. If there’s something, Betty is much quicker than Subaru when it comes to noticing it.]
[Subaru: …..Yeah]
Beatrice said these things in response to Subaru’s anxiety. This was Beatrice―the other person who knew about Eridna and how she is occupying Anastasia.
They promised two assertions that would conceal the truth. These two assertions were: first, Subaru would avoid causing any unnecessary commotion about it. And second, make sure that Eridna had no intentions to steal Anastasia’s body away from her. However, Beatrice would be the only one to realize when something would be too late.
These were the two beings that were the same type of artificial spirit who had the same type of relation with the Witch Echidna. If it seemed like Eridna was planning something, Beatrice would surely sense it.
Although, if he were to consider Beatrice’s emotions, he didn’t feel like it would be very advisable for Beatrice to get involved with Echidna, but
[Beatrice: Putting your unnecessary suspicions aside, it’s fine that you acted like yourself and sought help from anybody without caring about who it was, just like you always have. Though, you came to Betty first, I suppose. I’ll give you my praise this time for that.]
she replied with this, so that was that.
[Emilia:―I see it.]
Just when he thought that the dragon carriage went into a state of silence, Emilia suddenly whispered these words.
It seemed that Emilia saw their destination afar in her eyes as she looked out the window of the dragon carriage. Subaru also understood how the view out the window was changing into familiar scenery.
[Subaru: What a nostalgic path. We’ll arrive at Roswaal’s mansion soon, huh.]
He murmured these words, first making sure to restrain his feelings from being near their first checkpoint, remembering their original goal.
This group’s destination, the same destination as the one at the start, was the Augria Sand Dunes―the place where they would seek to speak with the “Sage” Shaula. However, they had already arranged to stop by Roswaal’s mansion on the way as a way to prepare for their trip and to make a stop in their long expedition.
There were many things that they wanted to talk to the camp about, including the incident at Pristella and the occasion of getting to speak with the “Sage”.
Also, moreover―
[Subaru: It’s not just a simple stop, okay.]
There was meaning behind dropping by Roswaal’s mansion before beginning their expedition to see the “Sage”.
The meaning would be the meagerness of the small world when seen through large eyes, but through Natsuki Subaru’s small human eyes, it would be the meaning of a great possibility.
[――――]
The Subaru who squinted his eyes to vision the distant mansion that could not yet be seen.
Each of the 4 people on the dragon carriage were looking at Subaru. They had various emotions in the colors of their eyes, but Subaru had no composure to take notice of any of their glances.

※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
It was later than 1 hour past noon when the dragon carriage arrived at Roswaal’s mansion.
The long migration from Pristella City―which has gone on for only 10 days―went on a temporarily hold.
[Petra: Subaru!]
[Subaru: Ohh, Petra, woahwah!?]
They rode the earth dragons towards Roswaal’s mansion, gave their thanks to the male driver, and then got off. A petite maid ran towards Subaru from the mansion and jumped at him with unrestrained force.
She came into his chest with her might and force, and Subaru somehow managed to catch her while backing up. He then petted the head of the girl who flew into his arms.
[Subaru: Petra, if you do that so suddenly you’ll startle me, you know. I’ve been gone for nearly a month now, but have you been doing well?]
[Petra: I’ve been fine, as you can tell. However, Subaru…..-sama has been having it rough, right? I’ve been worried ever since that letter came in 2 days ago. You were injured so much again, right? Can you handle the pain?]
[Petra: tickle tickle]
Petra touched Subaru’s body to confirm his pain as her brown dyed hair with a tinge of red swung back and forth. Subaru reacted to this with a wry smile, and then everyone else got off the dragon carriage.
[Subaru: Hey, Petra. Do your job as a maid properly. If you don’t, Ram and Frederica will get mad at you.]
[Petra: …….Okay. Tell me about what happened later.]
She returned promptly, but it seemed like Petra’s trust was thoroughly damaged.
Petra’s worry would be inevitable if he told her about how he got involved in what seemed to be an uproar that affected the whole city to try and obtain the stone. Though, it wasn’t an uproar that Subaru intended to cause for the Witch’s Cult. However, that excuse would also be meaningless.
It would be meaningless, considering the truth was that most of the Witch Cult’s purposes were related to Emilia’s camp.
[Petra: Welcome guests. Compliments to your efforts to make this long trip. I am Petra Leyte, a maid of the family. I will be your guide towards the mansion.]
Subaru’s recollections were put aside, and then Petra let out a vocal message that was similar to one that you’d hear upon entering a temple.
Julius took Anastasia’s hand to help her get off the carriage, and they both descended with looks of admiration on their face. Emilia and Beatrice’s somewhat prideful looks on their faces were also visible.
[Anastasia: You’re quite the fit one even though you’re little, huh. You’re being thorough with your training.]
[Julius: It certainly seemed like Subaru was a completely different person with his behavior after she jumped at him, huh.]
[Anastasia: ―An embarrassing sight.]
Julius agreed with the smiling Anastasia, and then Petra’s face started to blush from what they said. Julius looked down at her, and then proceeded to to look at Subaru. Then,
[Julius: I see…..so you are making people more and more fond of praising you as a “little girl user”.]
[Subaru: I’ll have you know, Petra isn’t as small as a little girl, and even if you call me that, the only little girl I use is Beako. Get your facts straight.]
[Beatrice: Betty also isn’t a girl that works hard to be used by Subaru at his convenience, I suppose. Subaru, you should get your facts straight as well.]
Subaru replied to Julius’ banter in a cold way, and then Beatrice rebuked Subaru in an even colder manner.
Subaru’s mouth turned into a frown. He became became silent, and Beatrice let out a sigh. She then looked at the Petra’s lower area. She stood with her, and then made a slight movement to grab onto the edge of her skirt.
[Beatrice: Also, look. Not much has changed throughout Betty and Petra’s time, I suppose……wait a second. Betty feels like Petra has grown a bit. Her hair has grown a bit too, I suppose……!]
[Petra: It’s because one month has passed, and it’s also my growth period right now. My back will grow, and my hair will grow too, if I don’t cut it. Beatrice-chan will stay small though.]
[Beatrice: Wha, what the….!]
Petra hugged Beatrice tightly, who let out a smile as she became astonished. She continued to hug Beatrice―who had an angry face―for a sufficient amount of time, and then walked away as she said, “Well then, allow me to guide you all”.
[Subaru: Alright, we’ll finally be going to the…….mmga]
He sought to follow her, but then someone grabbed onto the back of his neck with her hands. When he raised his voice with a blocked throat and looked back, he surprisingly found out that Emilia was the one who grabbed onto his neck.
The dragon carriage from the back jerked Subaru’s chin while Emilia held onto the back of his neck.
[Emilia: Subaru, Patrasche doesn’t seem to be happy.]
[Anastasia: ……This has become a selfish situation, huh.]
If you were to look at the earth dragons when Emilia made this point, out of the two earth dragons that they traveled with, you’d notice that the beautiful, jet black earth dragon was glaring at Subaru with frightfully harsh eyes.
This was Subaru’s affectionate dragon, Patrasche. When Subaru tried to return her look, she turned away bluntly. She then let out a light but very displeased sound.
[Emilia: You seriously weren’t able to make up with her, even though you had 10 days, huh.]
[Subaru: Yeah I know, but I really don’t think it’s my fault this time…..]
Subaru scratched his head as he thought of what to do about Patrasche, who was leaning onto his belly.
Regarding the troubles that Patrasche helped Subaru with up until now, looking back you’d see that ever since they left Pristella City―or well, let’s move a bit before that. When he went to the earth dragon’s stable after defending off the Witch’s Cult, he was already in a bad mood.
He did not talk to Patrasche, as he didn’t want to leave Otto with his injures. She was understanding, simply because they’ve known each other for a long time. This affectionate dragon also tried to understand Subaru’s anger overtime.
[Subaru: That’s, well I know I neglected her during the uproar, and that I even made her feel lonely, but…..gofooah!?]
[Emilia: Subaru!?]
Subaru was on the very end of his statement when Patrasche swung her tail at him, causing him to become covered in dirt after taking a direct hit. As expected, Patrasche has no mercy in her attacks. If he were to reply to her in a deceitful way, she would come to strike him without any hesitation.
[Subaru: I would have never expected it…..To think that I’d have too much protection after lacking protection against Regulus’ attack is just…….]
[Emilia: Are you alright? Patrasche decided to suddenly shake her tail again, but doesn’t this mean that you’ll get hit once more if you don’t say the right thing?]
He received assistance from Emilia as she gave him her lap, and then he stood up as he heard Emilia’s terrifying point. He looked at Patrasche, and she certainly was there shaking her long tail. She cut through the air with the end of her tail as if to threaten Subaru. It felt like she was saying that she’d double the power for each mistake he’d make.
He unconsciously lost the ability to speak properly, and his throat became cramped as he realized that he couldn’t afford to reply carelessly.
[Julius: Even if you’re careless like that, your earth dragon has an overwhelming amount of sympathy towards you anyway.]
However, that statement made by Julius―who disheartened the start of his guidance―would cause an undesirable effect to come at Subaru. Subaru pointed at himself and Patrasche in response to Julius argument and
[Subaru: Really? I’m kinda covered in all this dirt, you know? You call this sympathy?]
[Julius: If you ever felt proof of deep affection, you’d understand, wouldn’t you? It’s an emotional and complicated earth dragon. She’s mad that she wasn’t able to help you during that uproar, and she’s mad at you for not seeking for her help. So it might just be a natural emergence of feelings, rather than anger towards you.]
[Subaru: What are you saying? Just how high are you going to make her heroine power? Stop it.]
The level of correctness of Julius’ points was unknown, but at the very least, his words made Patrasche’s tail swinging come to an end. Subaru looked at Patrasche once again, and she turned away, just like always, but―
[Emilia: Looking at her now, it seems like she’s kinda embarrassed after hearing that.]
[Subaru: Emilia-tan, you noticed that too? I also noticed that. It makes my heart flutter, so don’t do that too often please, Patrasche.]
He said these words, reached out nervously with his hand, and then Patrasche finally lowered her head, allowing Subaru to touch her body covered with tough scales. And with this, it seemed like the cold war where he had 10 days to make mends ended on a good note.
[Petra: Isn’t that enough? Is everything fine now?]
Petra was showing her impatience as they continued to stay at the mansion’s front garden without paying attention to the time.
She came out here being instructed to guide them, and yet they still ate up so much time.
[Petra: If we don’t return soon, Ram nee-sama will get mad again and……]
[Ram: ―If you can worry about those things, that means you were just a little bit short on your efforts.]
[Petra: Pya―!?]
Petra―who had been making light sounds with her footsteps―let out a shriek and then straightened her back. When she turned back, she saw a pink haired maid from afar coming from the direction of the mansion.
It was Ram, no mistake nor doubt about it. Ram slowly turned her gaze towards Subaru’s group and the guests after Petra became as still as a stone statue from her glare and
[Ram: Even when I thought that you got better at your work, to see this situation when I was just about to recognize your efforts……Ram is really disappointed.]
[Petra: So-sorry Ram-nee sama……about my work, you were about to recognize me?]
[Ram: Yes. Your cooking is better than Ram’s; your cleaning is more sensible than Ram’s; you’re better at doing laundry than Ram; and you wake up earlier than Ram, so I was close to recognizing you.]
[Subaru: You should have more doubt when you point these things out!]
Just how worse was this veteran maid in comparison with this girl who had 1 year of experience as a maid? Even if you were to take Petra’s ability to learn quickly into account, the hurdle was so low that it wasn’t even worth considering.
Ram snorted her nose in a way that Subaru was completely familiar with in response to his shouting and
[Ram: How does one proceed to have doubt about oneself? Ram only holds expectations and self-confidence for herself.]
[Subaru: I always felt like that part about you is the one thing that really deserves respect.]
Subaru responded to Ram’s majestic declaration like this while being astounded.
In reality, there was reason in learning from Ram’s optimism―or rather, there was reason in learning from her fortitude. He just wished that she would be a bit more reflective of herself, but
[Subaru: If you did that, I guess it wouldn’t really feel like you’d be the real Ram, huh.]
[Ram: That’s a scary thought. Moreover, I don’t think it’d be ideal to leave guests out here for so long. Let’s hurry up and enter the mansion.]
Subaru went into agreement in response to Ram’s dismissive words.
They ate up too much time outside the mansion. It wouldn’t be surprising for Frederica and even Roswaal to show up eventually if they ended up wasting any more time.
Candidates of the king’s election and the chief of the territory were gathered, but the question was what were they doing.
[Subaru: Is Roswaal making his way towards the mansion?]
Ram―who began walking to guide the others―tapped Petra’s shoulder to relieve her stiffness. When Emilia tried to call out to Ram from behind, she replied with a “Yes” without taking a look back.
[Ram: Fortunately, he said that you all could stay at the mansion when the letter came in. He left it with that. There was a summary in the letter about Pristella…..and there should be things that are filled with details in there.]
[Subaru: Yeah there should be, considering a lot of things did happen…..]
[Ram: There’s a complete difference in the amount of people here now in comparison to when you first left, huh. ―Did Gaf and Otto die?]
[Subaru: Like hell I’d let them die! They aren’t dead! I was just late in returning to them when they were left with injuries!]
When he sought to ask about what details were in the letter, his comedic retort came out instead. Ram let out a shrug with an indifferent manner in response.
[Ram: I’m all too familiar with the depths of men who lack composure. Barusu’s especially is one that has an open hole where your contents are being poured out, so you should be careful. To have people become aware of your depths and then finding out you’re empty inside is the worst.]
[Subaru: That really hurts, so cut that out! Also, moreover…..]
If the letter that was sent to the mansion from Pristella before their departure―if those details were written in the letter, they should understand that this wasn’t just a simple trip back for Subaru and the others.
Therefore, when Subaru tried to confirm the contents of the second half of the letter, and when he decided on his words, Ram readily raised her finger.
[Ram: I told you, didn’t I? Don’t worry. Roswaal said you’re free to stay……also, preparations have been made for both the Sleeping Beauty and the confinement room. Although―]
She cut off her words towards Subaru at the end and then gently licked her lips.
She wet her lips with the red tip of her tongue with a gesture that had a sense of gracefulness embellished somewhere with it and said this
[Ram: Although, neither of them were Ram’s doings. It was Frederica and Petra’s job.]
[Subaru: Why did you make a prideful face there?]
Anyhow, even if this was a meeting after a whole month, she still remained to be the same like this.


Chapter 2
This is a bit sudden, but the base for Emilia’s camp, Roswaal’s mansion, is actually different from the mansion that burnt down in the past in that it’s now instead the principal residence of Mathers’ Territory.
However, the layout of the mansion didn’t differ from the layout it had in the past, as it was formatted it in a familiar way; the book wing was placed in the center, and west and east wing buildings were established to the left and right. It was also formatted this way so that the spaciousness would be just about the same; even if they were to walk around inside, they would seldom come across confusing things.
The only problem is that it was just a bit too similar, making it more probable to forget about how the Alam village was no longer nearby. There were several occasions where Subaru would wake up with energy, seek to do radio calisthenics1 on the way to the village, and then in the middle of this long road, he’d realize that he didn’t know which way to turn next.
Beatrice would subsequently catch up to him in a fuss, and she would be really angry.
Anyways, they arrived at Roswaal’s mansion, got welcomed by the same old Petra and Ram, and entered the parlor where Roswaal, the chief of the mansion, awaited them, but―
[Roswaal: Oh, welcome back. It is great that you came back safe.]
Roswaal sits on the couch as he claps his hands, welcoming them on their return. Subaru and Emilia were reflexively taken aback by Roswaal’s welcome that was full with smiles.
They looked at his excessive and amicable smile, and then they looked at each other.
[Subaru: ……Emilia-tan, was anything weird written in the letter?]
[Emilia: I—I don’t know okay. Moreover, didn’t you even go as far as to prepare a weird gift? Because you know Subaru and Roswaal have secret talks sometimes, so……]
[Subaru: N—no way! And even if I were to plan on giving Roswaal a gift, I would put in my usual gratitude and I’d consult Emilia-tan, Beatrice, Petra, Frederica, Patrasche, and maybe even Ram to help me think of a way to reduce the amount of time and money needed for the gift.]
[Beatrice: Those were only names of girls, I suppose.]
[Subaru: Isn’t it embarrassing for me to ask people like Otto and Garfiel about a gift as a man to another man!?]
Subaru responded to the displeased Beatrice, and then he gave a wry smile in response to Emilia’s scornful eyes.
By the way, he deliberately left out Rem’s name in order to avoid causing anxiety for the others, so don’t get him wrong; he did feel guilty about it. Anyhow, Roswaal, who was witnessing the whole exchange, shrugged his shoulders and
[Roswaal: What a surprising reaction. I worry about your guys’ safety, so I wonder what’s so weird about me being glad that you’re all safe. It’s all natural, right?]
[Emilia: Thats—true, but…..Roswaal, you haven’t really showed that side of yourself to us that much until now, so……]
[Roswaal: I’ve also had various changes in my way of thinking this past year. Shouldn’t Emilia-sama be a bit happy about me becoming cooperative?]
[Emilia: Hmm. You’re right.]
Emilia responds to Roswaal’s brazen rejection in a way that was typical of her tolerant self as she accepts a change in her thoughts. He nods his head at Emilia, and just seeing her waving her palms back and forth made Subaru unable to leave it at this inadequate level of trust, but—
[Beatrice: Even if you were to try to understand his way of thinking, it wouldn’t be possible because it’s too odd. Subaru…..Subaru is also a little that, but the -ness of that is more, I suppose.]
[Subaru: You’re being too vague with your words.]
He pets the head of Beatrice, who seemed to have chosen to put in vague and senile words into her remark, and then moves towards Emilia as he steps into the parlor.
The cheery Roswaal—they doubted him, but they were somehow aware of his ulterior motive.
In reality, he actually did speak of his motive himself just a moment ago.
Roswaal was seriously glad about Subaru and Emilia coming back safe.
He no longer had his “book of wisdom”. Being amiable was the best move to make in order to fulfill his plans that he had not yet revealed; his only objective was to have Subaru’s actions break the obstacles that stood in the way.
[Subaru: If you feel that way, then that’s fine. Though, it’d be helpful if you were a little cooperative.]
[Roswaal: You will reach your goal with or without my help. That is why I believe my cooperation is an unnecessary portion of your power. It’s really not an even relationship.]
[Subaru: It feels like I’m suffering an arrangement in an RPG because the supporting character would be too cliché to use.]
It was an arrangement where the extremely powerful supporting character would do anything but participate in the battle.
It was a treatment that was also close to how Roswaal abstained from participating in battles; in his case he would become more and more entertained while he continued to sit back and watch Subaru—someone who believed in his own power to change fate with his ability “Return by Death”—take desperate measures, continuing to drive himself deeper and deeper into predicaments.
He was a cunning fellow, which made Subaru want to click his tongue.
[Anastasia: —Isn’t it about time you introduce us as well?]
[Subaru: Sorry to have you guys wait. Roswaal, they’re visitors. Allow them to seat themselves.]
[Roswaal: I’m listening. Nevertheless, you have some interesting members.]
The girl who waited out the corridor speaks out to the people standing at the entrance having a conversation. Subaru lets out a light apology to them, and then makes a hand gesture to Roswaal—who is sitting at the couch—signalling him to let them in.
Roswaal stands up and then sits back down in the chief seat with dead silence. He then appoints them over to the visitors’ sofa. Subaru and the others slowly rest their backs onto the sofa that faced towards Roswaal.
[Roswaal: Welcome to an even further distant place. The last time we spoke to each other face to face like this was at the recognition ceremony.]
[Anastasia: That’s true. Also, it wasn’t as if we spoke to each other in a proper conversation……this essentially is the first time it’ll feel like we’ll be speaking to each other.]
The recognition ceremony that came up in this conversation was the formal recognition of the suppression of the white whale accomplished by the combination of the Emilia camp, Anastasia camp, and Crusch camp. It was a ceremony where they were evaluated.
Albeit the ceremony carried out in the royal castle of the king’s capital was small-scale, they did discuss about the problem of the Sanctuary. The camp representatives gathered to talk about the Sanctuary, and all of the members immediately after solving the issue were naturally involved in the ceremony.
He had vivid memories of Otto having a tense, pale face and the castle shining within Garfiel’s eyes, although Roswaal nonchalantly decided to participate even after all those intense reactions. What a guy.
Well Otto did have tension, but Emilia also quickly matched his tension, so Subaru couldn’t really say much about it. Emilia’s tension made sense considering how she was being praised for achievements she didn’t even have memory of achieving.
Anyways, that’s a meeting from the past. Mutual greetings were carried out in a hurried manner.
And now the conversation would immediately move onto the main topic: the report for the city of Pristella—
[Roswaal: And just like the letter said, Otto and Garfiel have withdrawn because of their injuries. I see. Understood. These achievements are truly promising.]
Roswaal lets out an admirable sigh as he lets out these words after hearing the report. This makes Emilia raise her eyebrows as she lets out a “hey” with a slightly strong tone in her voice.
[Emilia: They were injured so badly that they couldn’t even return. Yet, you still put it like that. What are you trying to say?]
[Roswaal: Let’s refrain from jumping to any hasty conclusions. Yes it is heartbreaking that they were injured like that, and yes their forced, temporary withdrawal was no less heartbreaking than their wounds. However, on the other hand, no fatal damage can be hidden by the camp. If you include the other camps and consider the encounters with several of the sin archbishops…..successfully hiding that damage would really be a miraculous outcome.]
[――――]
[Roswaal: The scars caused by the sin archbishops should of course be treated promptly, but everyone’s inflicted damage was kept to the bare minimum thanks to Emilia-sama and the city’s defense. I think that you should recognize that for yourself.]
[Emilia: …….Oh. Thanks.]
Emilia gives her thanks with an unconvinced face in response to Roswaal pointing out various things.
In actuality, his words should have strongly sounded like a sound argument. However, it is important to consider the impression of the speaker. Subaru felt like his impression was shady, and all the others probably thought so too.
[Roswaal: Well putting the question of people’s thoughts on me aside, shall we move onto something else? —By the way, the person who called in Emilia-sama to Pristella with that kind of riot should have been Anastasia-sama……but what do you have to say about that?]
[Anastasia: It was inexcusable to have her dragged into the middle of that uproar. If you want me to apologize, I will do it properly, as I am mentally prepared to do so.]
[Roswaal: And if you sincerely bow your head, this would end without your payment, not having a single cent to give…….Oh, but you don’t need to apologize to me. Didn’t Emilia-sama already turn you down too?]
[Emilia: Well shouldn’t the blame be put on the witch cult if they were the ones to cause mischief? I shouldn’t have obligations for Anastasia; she merely requested for our assistance. Also it’s not like we accomplished our goals that we were summoned out to Pristella for…..]
Roswaal casts a side glance, to which Emilia responds by feeling the pendant worn on her neck.
A new, big demon jewel is inside this pendant. Even now, a fast asleep big spirit is quietly awaiting for its revival as it continues to sleep. Puck obtaining the highly pure crystal gem, which would become his Yorishiro2—that’s something the camp was certainly achieving with their goals; something that was no less than what he was aiming for.
[Emilia: Also, isn’t it possible that the witch cult left because we were just casually there? If you think about it that way, it should be seen as Anasthasia’s achieveme…..]
[Anastasia: To think of it as that much would of course be too supportive to the other camp, so I’m gonna stop you there.]
For some reason, Anastasia turns Emilia’s words of optimism into words of support.
However, Roswaal’s current questioning was just trying to keep people in check. In actuality, it is possible that most of the witch cult’s aims were brought into Pristella by Subaru and the others. If that were to be pointed out, the atmosphere would become heavy, even with the certainty of the witch’s evil.
Thus, it would be in their best interest to avoid establishing the opinion, “Let’s work together. The witch cult is the worst!” .
[Subaru: I used my gate there, and the other 3 groups ended up being understanding too. One sin archbishop also died, and one was captured…..man, one thing was happening after another with the witch’s cult.]
[Roswaal: Though, their organization skills are a bit dubious. In their case, speaking of cooperation and unity would make them seem like an outlaw group without relations to each other. Even if they were to lose one of their allies and someone was left alone in the end, that lone lunatic’s psyche wouldn’t be repaired.]
[Subaru……I agree with you when you say that.]
Subaru agrees with Roswaal’s opinion, so he probably had the right idea.
The so-called witch cult “organization” was now more of a combined team of lunatics more than an actual organization. They couldn’t bring themselves to have any type of innocent way of thinking now that they lacked organization; they did not think to simply be obedient from now on.
The remaining Gluttony and Lust’s brutality would never be stopped.
[Subaru: That’s why we need to find a way to resist them. The next thing I’ll talk about is related to such.]
[Roswaal: …..it’s coming in touch with the “Sage”, Shaula, huh.]
[Subaru: I know that it’s not gonna be easy, but I’ll have no choice but to try it as long as I can’t come up with any other measure. Finally an omnipotent and omniscient….. or well, let’s say omniscient. If a sage like that exists, there’s no harm in just going to have her listen, right?]
[Roswaal: Although, everybody in these past hundreds of years who have tried that ended up suffering a big loss by paying with their lives.]
He depicts this common knowledge, and it certainly was a disturbing view of the situation. However, they had something up their sleeves for that reason.
Anastasia gives a gesture of slight acknowledgement with her chin when Subaru exchanges looks with her. Then,
[Anastasia: There’s where I come in. Fortunately, I have a way we can make it to the “Sage”‘ watchtower safely. So there’s no reason to worry about getting lost. Does that calm your worries?]
[Roswaal: Well even if you tell me to just believe you with your words…first of all even if you do have this method, you have many comrades who would want more even after being paid a great amount of money. Why are you the only one that…]
[Anastasia: Money is certainly important to me as a trader. —However, there are things in this world that can’t be replaced with money. This is among one of those things.]
Anastasia hits her thin chest as she exaggerates the magnificence of Eridna.
She was pretending to be Anastasia, but that one word had a wondrous power; a power that astonished Subaru, even while he knew about how Anastasia wasn’t her original self as of right now.
Anastasia looks into Roswaal eyes. He responds by closing one of his own, and then glares at her for a brief period with just his single yellow eye. Then
[Roswaal: Good grief. This is why it’s hard to deal with people who understand fighting and gambling. Moreover, it’s not like Emilia-sama will agree with this either.]
[Emilia: I believe that you’re being a bit rude by coming to these conclusions by yourself.]
[Roswaal: But you won’t go as far as to ask me to stop doing it. It’s fine though. You’ll dare to proceed in choosing this thorny path. That’s where he’ll accompany you as well.]
Roswaal responds in a half-hearted way, though he was interested in how they would get there after all.
The height of the hurdle Subaru had to climb over would become higher depending on Emilia’s choice of this difficult road. This is because it resembled a hope that would replace the book of wisdom in Roswaal’s point of view, as of right now.
[Subaru: Anyways, we’ll come across some sort of desert based off of Anastasia’s information, although it’ll cause some amount of days to pass by again.]
[Julius: It’s not just “some sort of desert”; it’s the Augria Sand Dunes. You’ve made this mistake so many times now, so how about you hurry up and remember it correctly already?]
Julius puts in his input as he lets out a sigh in reaction Subaru’s vague memory.
The person that has been watching and sitting on the sofa in silence the whole time next to Anastasia looks at Roswaal with an intellectual look and
[Julius: In regards to what Roswaal said, I do believe it’s a very difficult proposal to take in. However, the city of Pristella is still exposed to the witch cult’s tyranny, and there’s a vast amount of people who’ve had their mind and body damaged because of it. If we could somehow do something to be of assistance to them, then I would like to wish to have permission to do so.]
[Roswaal: You have quite a graceful way with words. It appears that you are an owner of extraordinary abilities…but it makes no sense how I have no recollections of that. Which means….that. Right?]
[――――]
Roswaal understood the situation just from knowing how he was someone who Julius had no memories of. Julius looks slightly downwards, then Roswaal rests his chin on his hand of the arm that he had placed on the armrest of his chair.
He then loosens his lips with a sense of cheerfulness and
[Roswaal: Everybody forgets about the person affected by Gluttony’s authority. It feels like being left behind by the world. In order to avoid putting yourself behind, you’ll seek a thin amount of hope by heading to the “Sage” Shaula. It’s not like you need to make an excuse about how it’s for someone’s sake.]
[Julius: —By no means am I taking such movements for such self interests like that!]
[Roswaal: I am not blaming you. It’s actually a natural thing, so I like it better that way. Doing anything for yourself over doing basically anything for someone else’s sake becomes desperation. Even if you saved other people as a result with your actions―feeling satisfaction and feeling achievement from doing so―there’d be no need to deny your condescending heart.]
Julius’ face stiffens. Roswaal responds by continuing carefully.
His face turns into an even deeper smile under his clown makeup. Then
[Roswaal: And even more, if you save them, then there’s a high chance that other people will be saved in the same way as well. You even carry a just cause on your shoulder with your actions, so there’s no need for you to take a little blame, right?]
[Julius: I…….]
[Anastasia: Chief of the Mathers’ territory, may I ask you to stop there?]
Anastasia restrains Julius with her hand and then takes his place to face Roswaal. She let out an elegant smile and then tilted her lovely head.
And then,
[Anastasia: I also have no memories of him…..but even then, this child seems to be my knight. That’s why I don’t feel right when I watch him being bullied while he’s not able to do anything about it.]
[Roswaal: You’re saying that the bond between a master and a servant still exists between you two even when he has disappeared from your memories?]
[Anastasia: I wonder. I’m also not too certain about that. I didn’t feel like his worries were natural along the trip though……moreover―]
Anastasia gently raises her finger and points towards the sofa of the meeting. Then
[Anastasia: They’ve all been here this whole time. Do you view tearing your camp apart as protection?]
[Roswaal: —My oh my.]
In response to Anastasia’s points—Roswaal looks at Subaru, who is on the verge of eruption, and then shrugs his shoulders. Subaru was on the verge of shouting. Naturally, Emilia and Beatrice were on the edge of doing so as well.
You could have said that Roswaal gave into the situation, as he raised both of his hands in resignation.
[Roswaal: Okay okay. I’m sorry about this. Though, I do think that I was just pointing out the possibility of a certain aspect.]
[Subaru: That was unnecessary. You really need to stop with your bullshit.]
[Roswaal: Was it though? You will most likely come across people who don’t care about how many people benefit from the outcome; distrustful comrades who bring you down with abusive complaints. It seemed like you weren’t aware of that possibility, so I just thought to advise you to anticipate it.]
“You’re not doing this for someone’s sake. You’re doing it for your own.”
As a matter of fact, Subaru also had an experience held within him in the form of a pitiful wound where he was berated for his actions like that.
He once told Emilia at the royal castle that he was acting for her sake, but she responded by saying that he was acting for his own sake. As a result, he wouldn’t be able to easily forget about the pain from it. That was a definite truth.
However, he got a taste of it through his harmful intentions, whether it had been the truth or not. But just because he did doesn’t mean that―
[Subaru: It’s not as if the feeling of accomplishment decreases depending on the amount of people who approve of one’s actions. As if this person is like that. Stop it.]
[Roswaal: It can’t be helped, right? Because unlike you, I’m not familiar with his personality. …..Although your relationship with him doesn’t seem like just one that you’d have from a trip where you accompanied him for a few days.]
Roswaal looks down at Subaru, who lost his temper. In just this moment, Roswaal’s eye that bordered his long eyelashes becomes dark with a full-blown sense of tragedy. Then
[Roswaal: This means that you’re the only one who remembers again. Just like how you’re the only one who remembers Rem.]
[Subaru: Though, I do wonder what kind of fate this is.]
[Roswaal: It’s proof that you’re special. You should care for it. You should treasure it. —Because there are many things out there that cannot be obtained even when you wish for it.]
Nobody besides Roswaal himself followed the second half of his recollection.
However, even if he were to continue ask him questions until he shed light on it, Roswaal would not let out the truth; so Subaru quickly gave up on the situation. Anyhow, things that needed to be said should have been said now.
Next would be―
[Subaru: Just like the letter said, the confinement room and…..]
[Roswaal: And the Sleeping Beauty will be taken out, yes. Although, I was sure that you really hated people touching her.]
[Subaru: A way to wake her up might be found, so I’ll try it. Isn’t that a given?]
[Roswaal: I was surprised when I found out that you’d first try this measure with that girl. You give off the impression of an egoist, but you’re actually self-punishing with this part of the matter. Don’t you think that somewhere in your heart, somewhere in the corner of your mind that you should be the one to save her from the start?]
[――――]
He hit the bull’s-eye, and Subaru reflexively sunk into silence.
He continued to worry about if there would be other victims to be afflicted with the same case as Rem by Gluttony up until they were just before the mansion on their trip to Pleiades.
Getting Rem to wake up of course wouldn’t even allow him to forget about that worry. If there was a possibility for her to wake up, he wished for her to hurry up and do so, even if it was just for a day, even if it was just for a single second.
However, the certainty of Subaru being the one to do it was a different matter.
All those people in the city of Pristella are suffering the same kind of damage as Rem. It was a situation where the sleeping people weren’t even capable of worrying about how their families felt about them being taken away.
The more Subaru thought about it, the more he felt the piercing of a strange wedge.
It was the feeling of guilt from saving her first over a multitude of other people.
This is why he had hesitated this time as well about taking Rem out—all the way up until just now, but―
[Emilia: I’ve already convinced Subaru, so there’s no problem.]
[Roswaal: …..This is quite surprising.]
The person that said this to Roswaal was Emilia. She takes place of Subaru, who is in a state of silence.
Roswaal is doubtful, but he looks at Emilia, who is puffed up with pride, and then closes one of his eyes. Then,
[Roswaal: You say that, but wouldn’t her awakening be troublesome for Emilia-sama? Subaru-kun has strong feelings for that girl, no matter how you look at it. In fact, they’re as strong as the feelings he has for you.]
[Emilia: Yeah. I think that’s right. Subaru will devote himself to that girl for a while, and he might stop caring about me as well.]
[Subaru: No. Under no circumstances would that…..]
happen. It shouldn’t happen.
He swears that his feelings towards Emilia would not waver from now on either.
It’s just that his feelings for Emilia were a different part of the entirety of his feelings. Him having strong feelings towards Rem is a fact, and just like Emilia said, if she were to wake up, there was no doubt that he’d become devoted to her.
However, she says “it’s fine” to Subaru. Then
[Emilia: If it makes Subaru turn the other way, that just means that I’ll be the one this time to do my best for you to turn my way. I’m not worried about Subaru suddenly not being there. Therefore, I’ll also have you come my way, no matter how madly in love you become with Rem with how cute she is.]
[Subaru: Eh? Emilia-tan!?]
[Emilia: That is my resolve and that is what I have decided. Moreover, nobody will complain about you saving her. —So it’s fine. Let’s wake up Rem.]
Emilia supports Subaru’s decision with her strong words.
Those words had some sort of sound that seemed like a confession. It surprised Subaru and made his knees shake. There were many times when Emilia told him things that sounded like affection—they happened, but in none of those times did she go over the level of her deep affection.
[Emilia: To me, to Rem, to Beatrice, to Petra, to Patrasche, to Otto-kun, to Garfiel, we all want you to be reaaally reaaally happy!]
[Subaru: Though you did mix an earth dragon with men at the latter half of your statement.]
She mixed in a loli at the middle too.
Anyhow, he accepts this and then Beatrice poked his shoulder, who was sitting beside him. Subaru let’s out an “oohee” and then looks to his side. Beatrice had her usual face of disappointment.
[Beatrice: It’s not like I’m going to complain about Subaru’s tendency to fool around with girls…..but my hand is always free, I suppose. This is the Betty only special privilege..]
[Subaru: …..You’re ridiculously cute.]
[Beatrice: That’s a given, I suppose. Betty’s charm resounds to the gods of heaven and earth.]
He didn’t go as far as to care about what the gods of heaven and earth thought about this, but it did resound in Subaru’s heart.
Subaru was supported by Emilia and Beatrice and would work hard to wake up Rem.
—He longer hesitated about doing this.
[Subaru: So that’s that, Roswaal. Sorry for being loved so much. Rem will be taken out.]
[Roswaal: You’ll just surprise Emilia-sama and Beatrice-sama when you make them sound like alternates like that. It’s fine, do whatever you want. I never planned on stopping you anyway.]
[Subaru: Alrighty, then about the talk from before.]
[Roswaal: I was feeling concern and just wanted to make sure that you understood the meaning of my actions. I also hurt your guys’ incredible, nameless knight, so.]
[Subaru: It’s okay.]
Roswaal spoke in a way that felt like banter until the very end. Julius inhales slightly, and when he exchanges looks with Anastasia
[Julius: I am Julius Juukulius. This only remains within his memory as of right now, but I am an imperial knight of the Kingdom of Lugnica. I am not so inept that my heart would be perturbed by something like this.]
He makes his declaration like this and did a splendid job on brushing aside the pestering from the wicked evilness of sorcerers.
[Subaru: ……Not very firm.]
[Julius: Just whose side are you on again? I feel like I’ve just been stabbed in the back.]
He sneaks in his last statement just after the ending of their conversation.

※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
The conversation had ended, and then Subaru and the others left the parlor.
They headed towards the confinement room that resided in the east wing of the mansion. They headed over there in order to come in contact with this person who possibly held an opportunity to grab a hold of an essential key in reaching the Augria Sand Dunes.
She was brought into the confinement room around a year ago when the previous mansion burned down—the same time when residents of the mansion migrated over—and has been kept there ever since then.
She wasn’t really the type of person you’d want to come in contact with, and it wasn’t really safe either, but—
[Roswaal: I wonder what kind of results will they bring. I wonder if this also means that I’m influencing them again by giving them expectations.]
Roswaal rests the weight of his back onto the sofa as he sinks deeply into it while grumbling these words.
One person was left in the parlor. The sorcerer thought over the lingering memory of the previous discussion, had someone come to mind, and then let out a slight laugh. Then
[Roswaal: Does this mean that I’m becoming a pleasing member to him too? What do you think?]
[Beatrice: ……You sure can say some disgusting things—is what I think, I suppose. You really have no limits, I suppose. It’s frightening; there’s no other way to put it, I suppose.]
[Roswaal: It’s not like I lack honor the more this body reaches its end.]
[Beatrice: You were a woman before as well. You have enough precautions, I suppose.]
Roswaal makes an increasingly cheerful smile, and then the little gi—Beatrice, who responded to his statement, started to play with her own hair as she pulled on it with a composed expression.
It might have been because she was bored, or perhaps it was a habit she’d do when getting nervous.
[Roswaal: Subaru-kun and the rest are going to the confinement room, you know? Don’t you think he’s unsafe without you by his side?]
[Beatrice: A pet dog that strengthens its own spirit is more of a burden than a stray dog that has times where it loses its spirit. That’s why I thought to keep him in check, I suppose.]
[Roswaal: Calling him a pet dog is cruel. Though I think that would be something he’d want if it meant being Sensei’s dog.]
[Beatrice: He is a helpless pervert. ……Roswaal, don’t underestimate him too much, I suppose. If you turn him on unnecessarily, Betty won’t forgive you.]
Roswaal let out a smile with a hint of lewdness as Beatrice suddenly educated him like this with a bitter face. Roswaal removes his smile afterwards, and just like always, he closes his one eye—his blue eye, and then returns Beatrice’s look with his yellow eye.
[Roswaal: You and I act different when it’s just us two; I act wholeheartedly, while you act carefree.]
[Beatrice: That would mean that you see a side of me that is completely different from a mother. The Betty that holds Subaru’s hand is several hundreds times better, so how about you refrain from offending me like that.]
[Roswaal: That’s something that you’ve become able to admit. Someone like you who pretends to be a librarian of a prohibited library should become as happy as she can.]
[Beatrice: That’s a given. Which is why I’ll have you allow me to act in order to protect that happiness, I suppose.]
Beatrice contests Roswaal with an equivalent level of intensity within her eyes as she stands in front of him while he remains seated on the sofa. Roswaal squints his eye as if to attempt to peek into the heart of that round-eyed girl and
[Roswaal: A single person defeated the sin archbishops. Subaru-kun most likely thinks that more than one did it.]
[Beatrice: ……There should be candidates other than Subaru that helped defeat them.]
[Roswaal: But none of them come close to him nor do they go on top of him. It’s a self-evident truth, whether it be just grazing him, whether it be going on top of him. Stop making it seem like they did more than what they actually did.]
[Beatrice: —I won’t let you say much more, I suppose.]
Beatrice responds to Roswaal’s argument with a voice that was coated with the determination that she previously hid from Roswaal.
She grabs tightly onto her arm’s sleeve and then glared at Roswaal.
[Beatrice: Betty is Subaru’s Betty. Therefore, Subaru will be himself, I suppose.]
[Roswaal: I don’t mean to hinder your efforts. It’s just that having fewer people to acknowledge would be more convenient for me. That’s all.]
[――]
Beatrice gives a strong glare at Roswaal at the end, and then she surely headed towards the door.
The remainder of the discussion was also put to an end.
[Roswaal: Beatrice.]
Roswaal speaks out to the faraway girl.
Beatrice stopped walking, but she doesn’t turn around.
[Roswaal: You see Beatrice, I want you to be happy—or at least always be stronger than all the other masses. This is what I feel, and that’s because you’re……you’re like a younger sister to me.]
[Beatrice: —That doesn’t make me very happy. Moreover, you’re not a mother.]
[Roswaal: Isn’t that what love is?]
She didn’t respond.
She simply opens the door, and then only sound to be heard throughout the parlor was the quiet sound of her closing the door.
And after that, not a single sound was left within the parlor.
1. [warm-up exercises popular in China, Taiwan, and Japan. http://slism.com/diet/calisthenics-workout-routine.html%5D
2. [an object that summons a spirit]
Advertisement


Chapter 3
Thanks darkbladekkusu for the new banner, and thanks wintryone for helping me with a few lines. So it’s been a while since I’ve done non Rem related content. It’s difficult to find lengthy scenes worth doing now, so I will be going back to arc 6 until I’m sent any side stories with her or something. I will do the new chapters from Tappei(by myself), and that is final. But, do remember that regardless of the content, I will always be translating for her. Always. Happy new year. I love Rem
[Frederica: How’d your talk with Roswaal-sama go?]
[Subaru: You could say that it went as normal as always and that he irritated me more than usual. Give me some sympathy here.]
[Frederica: I’ll just give you an “I see”.]
Subaru’s group left the parlor, and Frederica had guided them towards the mansion’s east wing.
This scary faced hostess with her beautiful, long blonde hair with her courteously worn maid outfit, politely―finally exchanged greetings with Anastasia and Julius as one of the mansion’s honest maids, and talked to Subaru like that, who started to walk with discouragement.
[Frederica: Was Gaaf-chan useful in your guys’ journey and at the city? For him to get heavily injured to the point of not being able to come back even when I told him specific instructions…….I’m worried about him causing trouble for Emilia-sama and the others.]
[Emilia: No don’t worry about it. We made Garfiel work reeaally hard, after all. He’s resting along with Otto-kun right now without causing any trouble….well I’m not so sure about the no trouble part. I hope that they aren’t. But anyways, we did request that they rest.]
[Frederica: My apologies for having my foolish younger brother cause you trouble.]
Emilia was in half-doubt and didn’t finish her followups, while Frederica offered her apologies.
Anyhow, Garfiel was someone that worried Petra, Ram, Roswaal, and Frederica with his behavior, but his mentality changed in some way or another during the incident at Priestella. If you had to describe it, you could say that he matured. He definitely matured.
Garfiel’s strength already stood out as a 15 year old boy.
He was still far from being able to boast himself as the strongest with his strength if you considered the “guts hunting” battle and the “eight arms” battle. But even then, he certainly had a level of strength that contended with not just the Emilia camp, but the superiors of the whole continent as well.
The biggest problem was still probably his immature mentality. If he could control his mental frailness, he would move up to the stage above.
It’s just that, well…that also was something that shouldn’t be rushed. This is because steadily and assuredly becoming stronger to step firmly over the stairs to the next stage was an appropriate way to mature for a 15 year old.
Also―
[Subaru: There’s another reason for him not coming back right away this time.]
[Emilia: Are you talking about Mimi?]
[Subaru: There’s that too, but]
Emilia cuts into the conversation as if through sharp hearing, and Subaru gives her a wry smile.
Even Emilia, someone who was poorly informed on love in relationships, seemed to be interested in the love affairs of other people to a some extent. She was very interested in Garfiel and Mimi’s relationship.
Of course, Garfiel also risked his life and protected himself, which probably caused Mimi to have feelings for him, as she clearly expressed her affection both before and after battle.
Frankly speaking, there’s no man out there who wouldn’t shake upon being struck with affection from a girl he didn’t hate. Subaru was also no exception.
Subaru couldn’t say anything about that phenomenon, considering he was one that experienced it before.
He wanted to monitor the changes that would happen from now on considering how Garfiel loved Ram and the uncertainty of how he’d respond to Mimi’s feelings.
But that was a different concern to think about. Garfiel had a concern left in Priestella city.
[Frederica: ―Subaru-sama? Do you need to ask me something?]
[Subaru: No, not anything in particular. It wouldn’t be right for me to talk about this matter.]
He looked at Frederica’s face with a profound look and then she asked about its meaning.
He thinks about Garfiel’s true feelings while covering up her doubt. At Priestella, a family that Garfiel worried about――it was a family that had golden hair and green eyes, which were traits that would remind one of Frederica and Garfiel, who were brother and sister.
Garfiel’s relationship with them was like his relationship with Frederica.
Surely Garfiel wanted to be proud of it and wanted to report it to his family, Frederica and Ryuuzu.
[Subaru: So I will say nothing. Natsuki Subaru will leave it at that in an ultra-cool way.]
[Emilia: Oh speaking of Garfiel, some reeaally friendly children were at Priestella. About those children…..]
[Subaru: Emilia-tan Emilia tan, you’re gonna make my monologue go to waste!]
His explanation was turning into waste, so Subaru stopped Emilia from talking.
The synergy would be scary if he left it as it is, so he decided that he would make the time to properly explain the gist of the setting later.
Subaru waved his hand with a forced smile at Frederica, whose face became more and more puzzled.
[Frederica: Sorry to interrupt you guys while you’re happily heating up your intimacy, but where are you guys headed?]
[Subaru: Oh, it’s this placed called the “confinement room”. The person that we talked about before is there.]
[Julius: Hm, the usual person, huh. ―I wonder if the conversation will go well.]
[Subaru: It’s something that hasn’t been done before, so I dunno. Anyways, I’ll at least try asking to make sure.]
Julius responds to Subaru’s explanation by going into deep thought with a complex face as he follows him from behind.
In reality, Subaru was also aware of the amount of problems that were related to this proposal. However, if it did go well, then they could lower the risk of their journey by a considerable amount.
[Emilia: Also that girl is relatively familiar Subaru, so shouldn’t it be fine?]
[Subaru: That girl is more familiar with Garfiel than she is with me. Don’t assume that I might be pleased with the cat-like part of her.]
Subaru reacts to Emilia’s optimism like this with a wry smile and then Frederica stopped walking. Subaru and Emilia also stop walking, and then they clearly enter into a different atmosphere level in this mansion.
This was the real Roswaal mansion that was generally arranged so that it wasn’t different from the mansion from before. However, the basement part of the eastern wing―this was the only place that had a clear difference from the previous mansion.
At the center of the mansion, there was the main center wing that concentrated the facilities needed for one’s daily life.
It had a west wing with multi-purpose facilities, such as maids and the guest rooms. And then there was the eastern wing that had a history of the Mathers’ family inheritance―a place that acted as a storehouse/safe where things like books were kept.
The only place that was different in the eastern wing was its basement. There was a clear goal inside of the cold, stone room of the basement of the noble mansion.
[Anastasia: Quite an unpleasant atmosphere floating around in this place, huh.]
Anastasia snorts her nose and then frankly comments on the change in the atmosphere.
There was no denial to her view on the atmosphere, so it was indeed a clear assessment that everyone agreed with. The atmosphere that drifted about in this level of the mansion could not be described in any way other than an atmosphere that gave off an “unpleasant feeling”.
[Anastasia: It still seems different than a miasma, but it certainly does not give off a good feeling to the body.]
[Julius: Other than the matter of the building’s structure―first of all, this establishment’s purpose……well it’s not unrelated to that, but I do believe that this structure allows someone to ultimately be hid inside of it.]
Anastasia and Julius look down at the continuous stairs that headed down the basement of the mansion filled with darkness as they exchange these words.
They were already talking about the “Confinement Room”. Those two started to think of the close to endless answers behind the meaning of the establishment that was located at the basement.
[Frederca: Well then. I will be guiding you all now. Please be careful to avoid tripping.]
Frederica said these words and then guided them down the stairs. Subaru and the rest followed this tall woman from behind as they headed down the basement. Julius also had a face that indicated that he prepared himself for what was ahead.
Their footsteps made while walking on the stone stairs resounded very clearly throughout the space they were in. A cold breeze blew upwards from the basement causing his bangs to shake slightly, which got on his nerves to an incomprehensible extent.
[Frederica: I’m going to open it.]
When they descended towards the basement, they were blocked by an iron door right in front of them. The door had many solid locks installed onto it. Frederica released several of them one by one.
The key to the door makes a sound, the locks are undone, and then the door opens with a creaking noise. A stone pathway is spread out beyond the door, and they see another door yet again deep inside this place.
[Frederica: The person you’re looking for lies beyond this door.]
When she stepped back towards the side of the door, she made way for them to enter, and then bowed. They give acknowledging gestures with their chins in response to her bow, and the four people head straight towards the door to lead Subaru.
―No lock was set on the door at the deepest part of the basement.
He reaches for the doorknob. If he were to push it open, there was a possibility that he would be able to see the inside
When Subaru nervously came in in contact with the door, he started to have trouble breathing, as he looks back.
[――――]
Emilia, Julius, and Anastasia all stared at Subaru’s actions. They nod their heads at Subaru, and then he takes a deep breath. He then puts strength into his arm that grips on the knob.
It makes a sound, then he pushes the door open, and―
[???: Roarrrr, roarrr! Iii’m gonnaaaa eattt youuu!]
[???: Kyaaa. Help me. Nooo.]
[???: goohehehehe. Nobody will come save you even if you cry for help like that.]
The door opens. A lovely voice can be heard as the pathway becomes bathed in light.
A lone girl is seen inside the room on the other side of the open door. A multitude of dolls are placed around her. Her back faces towards the others while she continues to play with the dolls using both of her hands.
She changes into an imitative voice, though they didn’t know what exactly she was imitating. Nonetheless, she was pretty into it.
[???: Nope, they’re coming. Because they were arranged to come here in times of need after all…….hmm?]
This girl who stood up suddenly notices something as she holds onto her small, female dolls in her arms. She looks back timidly, sees Subaru and the others standing still at the entrance dumbfounded, and then opened her round, large eyes.
She had braided, light-brown hair and had simple but lovely facial features.
[Subaru: Sup. How have you been?]
Subaru said these words and raised his hand to her as if nothing had happened at all.
[???: O―onii-san you idiott! At least knock before you come innn!]
And of course, she yelled at him to play off her previous scene.

※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
[Subaru: So yeah, this is the prisoner of this mansion. She will be listening to what we say as an adviser in relation to mabeasts.]
[Meili: They’re dirtyy. Onii-san hurt them……sniffle…..]
When Subaru introduced the depressed girl who crouched at the corner of the room being surrounded by stuffed toys――when he introduced Meili, Julius shook his head, who put his finger on his brow.
While seeing the girl at the corner of his vision, he says this as if blaming Subaru, who got carried away
[Julius: It was a bit clumsy of me to not have gotten more information about this beforehand…….but the poorness of your character is showing. If you can’t stop this horseplay, then perhaps I’ll remain displeased.]
[Subaru: I don’t think I’m playing around that much, though…….or well, I do agree that it was in bad taste. Also, she really was someone dangerous before, you know?]
Subaru gives an explanation with those words, which makes Julius appear to look doubtful. They ignore those fearful and doubtful men, as Emilia and Anastasia lined up and spoke out to Meili.
[Emilia: Sorry Meili. We’ll scold Subaru later for this, so don’t worry.]
[Anastasia: My, what a cute girl, isn’t she? Beatrice-chan, Petra-chan…isn’t this is a bit too showing of Natsuki-kun’s tastes?]
[Subaru: That’s a ridiculous opinion of me. Mind saying something more fitting!? I thought to gather people, and not specifically lolis!]
There was suddenly some sense of reality in his “Little Girl User” nickname, so he wished she didn’t say frightening things.
Putting that aside, Meili didn’t listen to Emilia and her words either, as she was completely angry. In that sense, there was an imbalance in people who had child-like sensitivity.
[Subaru: Meili]
[Meili: Can’t hear youu.]
[Subaru: Meili come on.]
[Meili: I dooon’t care.]
This was the situation. She was a nuisance who entered “I can’t hear you” mode.
Thus, Subaru quickly decided to bring out the last measure. Subaru reaches around his back, and he shows Meili the ace up his sleeve.
[Subaru: Look Meili. It’s a present. Take it. It’s a new stuffed toy Darepanda.1]
[Meili: ――! Wow! It’s cute!]
What Subaru showed to Meilia was this stuffed toy that he fixed up on the dragon carriage along the way back from Priestella city.
As someone who improved his skills in domestic assistance this past year, Natsuki Subaru’s sewing skills became twice as good as before. He could make stuffed toys, and if he wanted to, he could maybe even make clothes for women now.
Anyways, the stuffed toy was an innovative work that included a “lazy from the heat” taste to it for the panda theme. He kinda felt like he had seen something like it before, but that crossed worlds and it wouldn’t be a big deal, so he ignored it.
He showed the new work that had this and that to it, and Meili accepted it with eyes that shined.
[Meili: Cute! It’s a new animal! Wonder what I should name it…….okay, I’ve got it! I’ll name this ooone Big Panda!]
[Subaru: I see you’ve named it what it literally is.]
Putting aside her naming sense, she was extremely skilled at understanding the essence of things.
When she hugged the stuffed panda in a loving way, she looked at Subaru and the others with a face that indicated the renewal of her mood.
[Meili: By the way, welcome back Onii-san and Onee-san. Looks like you guys came from quite a faraway place, huh. Petra was lonely, you know?]
[Subaru: We were gone for a whole month, after all. And we’re going a little far away again, so I don’t really wanna think about how it’ll probably anger Petra, but…….]
[Meili: Petra-chan does love Onii-san, after all. ……..Hm? Newcomers?]
Meili was lining up her scattered plush toys onto the shelves, and then suddenly she makes an acknowledging face at Julius and Anastasia. Julius became surprised from that change in her mood, but Anastasia simply gave a nod with a composed look.
[Anastasia: In comparison to Mimi, it sems like this is just the beginning of what she has to show.]
[Julius: ……Now that you say it, I agree. Let’s give our thanks to Mimi.]
The master and the servant show a weird scene of agreement, and after that, Julius suddenly looks at the room. He looks briefly at that basement room and says
[Julius: Nevertheless, I had assumed that it would be a harsh environment after hearing that it was a confinement room………but contrary to my expectations, it seems to be a peaceful place to spend time in.]
[Emilia: The person in here is a girl. It’s not like they wanted to torment her. …..But, she can’t go outside either, so it’s complicated.]
Emilia lowers her eyebrows with a weak look.
Just like she said, the “Confinement Room”――frankly speaking, the circumstances of Meili’s residential room in which she was confined gave off a very lenient feeling.
It did seem cold precisely because of the stone pathway, but there were colorful wallpapers and carpet laid out in this girl’s room that was at the deepest part of the mansion, so she could do whatever she wanted with how she wasn’t even restrained. On the shelves, there were countless stuffed toys handmade by Subaru, along with many books and play equipment.
It seemed like she was being given food, and there wasn’t any problem with bathing or pooping. In short, it was a place where a Hikikomori could live in peace. It was so comfy that even Subaru wanted to be confined in it.
However――
[Subaru: It seems that there is peculiar air similar to a miasma leaking endlessly.]
[Anastasia: That also seems to be that girl’s……..isn’t it?]
In response to Anastasia and the others’ look, Meili nodded with a smile on her face.
She had an honest smile, but something came from that girl that was so dreadful and disgusting that it couldn’t be hidden. That was the biggest reason Meili was confined here without being released.
[Subaru: I did talk about it when we were on the dragon carriage, but this girl actually tried to kill people like Emilia and us before……..Ummm, so she’s like a professional killer. Guess you could put it like that, right?]
[Julius I feel that is wrong already at that point, but please continue.]
[Subaru: Feels like you’re implying something with the way you say that…….anyways, she’s a professional killer. So, as for what Meili can do with her small body, in short, it’s manipulate mabeasts. She is a “Mabeast user”.]
[Meili: Yep, I am very friendly with the bad animals.]
Meili said that with an “Ahem” as she puffed up with pride, but those details were shocking.
Mabeasts were harmful threats to mankind and were never friendly with humans in the first place. It seemed that there was one exception where an arrangement could be made where it’d obey the person who broke the mabeast’s horn, but――
[Subaru: In Meili’s case, the existence of its horn is irrelevant, although the theory is weak and even if I explain it, you wouldn’t understand.]
[Meili: In my mom’s words, I have the same role as a mabeast’s “horn”. Soo, I can be friendly with the mabeasts.]
Fulfilling the role of a mabeast’s horn――the meaning of that was obscure.
That being said, it seemed like there was never any type of research done on the ecology of mabeasts. Of course, there seemed to be a possibility that there were people who hunted mabeasts for a living, but even if they knew information about their traits, they weren’t looking at them from a research point of view.
[Emilia: At first, Meili attacked us with one more person. Garfiel attacked that person, and this girl was caught. Ever since then, this girl has always been sheltered in the mansion.]
[Anastasia: Why did they do that much? No matter what you say, if she was an enemy, we should quickly deal with……or not really, since it doesn’t seem like this child can be dealt with.]
[Emilia: …….There’s no way we can kill her. But at the same time, we can’t banish her either. Because this girl says that if she gets released…]
[Meili: Mom will get mad at me. Elsa died, and I failed, so she’ll definitely kill me if she finds me. So, staying here is the safest option.]
Meili answered with a calm tone, but it seemed like she was hiding something in her expression.
Meili lost Elsa, who she worked with, and she failed her work. Their guardians were most likely something like professional killer managers, and their failures would definitely never be forgiven.
She would be banished and would receive punishment――that would certainly be her suffering the consequences, although Subaru and the others had no relation to that.
[Subarui: It certainly is seeing bad dreams. after all.]
[Julius: This isn’t the first time your and Emilia’s idea has been brought up. No matter how you look at it, it was absurd for us to say things that were nothing more than nonsense. ……By the way, who is her mother?]
[Subaru: I don’t know. Any other name besides “Mom” is a unknown. Based on what Meili said, we don’t even know things like what her face looks like. What kind of family is this?]
But, considering the professional killer business, perhaps that gloomy way of living couldn’t be helped. They guessed what that mother was like based off what Meili said, and it seemed difficult to shake off anxiety about the future.
[Subaru: That Roswaal bastard was also useless after Elsa died, since there was no one like an intermediary.]
[Julius: Did you say something?]
[Subaru: Just talking to myself.]
On the first day that Subaru was summoned, the insignia incident was caused by Roswaal.
Of course, since Elsa tried to kill Emilia on his orders as well, if you considered the flow of events when the request was made, it should’ve been easy to draw that conclusion.
However, the intermediary of that timeline somehow died, and it seemed they were unable to make contact. If you were to believe Roswaal’s words, Elsa and Meili’s attacks after that were not related to his intentions――this was when the mother became a concern.
[Subaru: Anyhow, that’s how it is with Meili. This girl is here out of necessity. It’s not to spoil her.]
[Meili: Considering that, Subaru and everyone are being a little too nice.]
[Subaru: In regards to that, it’s the good part of your dreams taking over!]
Because after all, it was painful seeing this small, youthful girl being confined to the cold basement. It wasn’t something you could just decide to forget, and if you tried to disregard it, you’d have bad dreams.
So, it’s not like he had any grudge against her, and so he was better off being in a good mood with her.
[Anastasia: ……Wouldn’t you normally have a grudge against her?]
[Subaru: …….Should I?]
[Anastasia: I mean, didn’t you say that she tried to kill you? If so, then…]
[Subaru: Well I mean there is spite in doing nothing, although a crime is a crime, regardless of age.]
In response to Anastasia’s question, Subaru goes into thought while scratching his cheek. Once he took a peek at Meili to the side, he saw that she was looking at Subaru with unreadable emotions in her eyes.
He wasn’t really being concerned about her, but he spoke his thoughts honestly.
[Subaru: If someone orders a person without judgement to commit a crime, then the person who made the order should be blamed. Even more so if it’s a kid. They have a head to think with, but even then, there are still conditions that go with it. It’s nothing but a minus to Hammurabi’s code “An eye for an eye”.]
[Anastasia: That was some lip service. Then do you think the people this girl has killed would understand it like that?]
[Subaru: I don’t think so. They are free to want revenge on Meili. As for myself, if I died, even I don’t think I’d state my forgiveness like I did now.]
In the end, Subaru’s opinion and thoughts on it were based on how she would meet her.
If he was told things like his key point wasn’t settled, or that he was being taken over by his emotions, then so be it. Actually, that was it.
[Subaru: Back when I was a kid, I took on responsibilities that I couldn’t handle myself for parents and the adults. So, the kids near me, or well, I thought, if the kids who I could become friends with can’t take up the responsibilities, how about I take them up instead? That’s all.]
[Anastasia: ……That was a valuable opinion. Thanks.]
Anastasia rounds off Subaru’s words, as she lost interest halfway.
Of course, he felt like that was a typical reaction, so his feelings weren’t hurt. If his hateful judgement for crime was organized in a way that could be respected, then crime would be judged to be wrong, regardless of age.
That was delayed because of the camp’s leniency. Subaru didn’t dislike that atmosphere and environment.
[Emilia: I……]
[Subaru: ――Hm?]
[Emilia: I think what you’re saying makes sense.]
[Subaru: ……Thanks.]
He didn’t expect completely positive reactions, but he was saved from those words.
And then he changes to Meili, who became neglected even though it was a conversation about her. Subaru matches his eyesight with hers and says
[Subaru: I need to talk about how I need your help. Mind coming along with me?]
[Meili: ……Okayy. I will come with Onii-san.]
Subaru made that request, and Meili quietly nodded at him.
Subaru did not point out to anyone about how he felt like he he saw slight tears come from the girl who hid her face with the panda she embraced.

※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
[Meili: I’ve only been to the Augria Sand Dunes twice.]
Subaru and the others’ explanation ended, and Meili said those words while playing around with her braided hair.
She closes her eyes as if looking back at her memories and says
[Meili: I visited to replenish the trump card mabeasts. There were a lot of mabeasts there, so a lot of progress was made, but…..]
[Subaru: But?]
[Meili: Are you guys really gonna go? Anyone other than me will probably die, you know……?]
It seemed that their actions reflected as reckless in the eyes of this girl who lacked moral interpretation.The mabeast leader’s opinion carried weight in regards to how biting they were.
[Subaru: I really want to use your experience as a reference, but your opinion already has a harsh argument with how you say that we’ll die if we go, so it’s too late for that. Also, if it’s just like a desert maze, then we have preparations to break out of it.]
[Anastasia: Yes, that is me.]
Anastasia waves her hand, emphasizing her way of guidance.
However, just avoiding getting lost on the path in this conquering of the desert to get to the watchtower gave 30 points――it was a mark inevitable for failure. Or rather, as long as they couldn’t find an answer to get a perfect score, they would probably have difficulty getting out alive.
The three problems were the “Sand Maze”, “Mabeasts Den”, and “The Sage’s Eye”.
The “Sand Maze” would work out with Anastasia being Eridna, and as for the counter for the “Mabeast Den”, this is what they wanted to prepare for.
That’s why he wanted to hear the details from Meili, but――
[Subaru: How should I put it…do you not know any way to avoid the mabeasts? Or on the contrary, ways to lure them?]
[Meili: Onii-san, if you run on by yourself, a looot of them will definitely come at you, you know?]
[Subaru: I’ve already done that a few times and they were painful experiences.]
It happened one time a year ago at the mansion, and one time a little after that on the plain by a whale. He felt like it was about time to stop this.
Of course, he wasn’t reluctant to do it if there was no other measure to take, but he wanted to avoid being the only one left behind in the middle of the desert if possible.
[Meili: If Onii-san doesn’t want to do it, then maybe you could prepare a lot of people for it. Aaalll of the mabeasts jump at living things over normal food, so maybe something like that.]
[Emilia: That’s definitely a no! I’m against it! I am against it!]
[Subaru: You don’t have to disagree so frantically like that. Nobody will be chosen, so it’s fine.]
That being said, it seemed like no useful opinions were coming up.
Or at least, in relation to the mabeasts’ ecology, as long as Meili couldn’t come up with an effective plan as someone who was better with them than anyone else was, they were helpless.
[Subaru: Yep, guess we’ll have to beat the mabeasts that come at us one by one. Don’t expect much from Emilia-tan or Julius.]
[Julius: I want to know your own evaluation, considering how you didn’t include yourself there……..but are you saying we can do it?]
Julius reacts to Subaru’s proposal by asking Meili about the feasibility of it. Upon hearing that, Meili looks at Emilia and Julius.
[Meili: Probably not. Can Onee-san and the others use magic for about a week without rest?]
[Subaru: You want us to have something like a final fight in a trench!?]
[Emilia: I―I’ll try…….?]
[Subaru: You don’t have to! This is the flow of an unreasonable conversation! Emilia-tan’s hair and skin will dry up, so let’s not! Okay, rejected!]
It seemed like the plan to break through by force already had some unreasonable details to it.
Meili didn’t actually know how serious the scene was, but if she wasn’t exaggerating it like a kid, then they would never do the unreasonable.
[Subaru: How about smearing mabeast blood on the dragon carriage and fooling the other mabeasts’ sense of smell?]
[Julius: No, the earth dragon can’t fool them, and there’s a possibility of them not gathering together like sharks. Something like hiring guards……..how about hiring a big army for this like you did with the Hakugei?]
[Subaru: Can’t do that either. That was done before by the people who challenged the Pleiades watch tower. Even though it wasn’t as big as an army, it was still a big group that challenged it. You can guess the result. How about breaking the horn of a powerful mabeast and using it as an obstacle to other mabeasts?]
[Julius: If it’s not as overwhelming as a whale, then we’ll be overrun by their numbers. It would be nice if it was simple and we had something like insect repellent spray to avoid mabeasts.]
Subaru’s odor――or rather, the witch’s sent was a spray that brought insects towards him, so he was useless.
Roswaal was the one who constantly managed the barrier to function as a separation between the Alam village and the mabeasts. If barriers were created for the people around him and they each used it to move――it seemed like something like that couldn’t be done.
[Subaru: Perhaps we should have Roswaal hold onto us and we can all attack from the sky.]
[Julius: If we could slip by the sage’s eye, then that may have been an option.]
[Subaru: Ahh, damn, right. We have to consider the “Sage” too.]
His unrealistic viewpoint was denied by a realistic one.
Even if they could evade the mabeasts and the desert, there was still the sage to worry about. Just from how nobody was ever able to slip by this person, it was honestly the only thing they didn’t know how to handle.
[Subaru: If we could at least narrow it down to one problem……]
[Meili: ――Geeez, I guess I have no choice.]
[Subaru: Oh?]
Subaru and the others all sat in a circle in the room, getting headaches from thinking about what to do, and then finally Meili said those words like that. She stands and shakes her small head at Subaru and the others, who were sitting, and says
[Meili: I can go with you guys. If I’m there, the mabeasts won’t care what you do. You’ll be free to keep away from them, make them pets, make them kill each other, or make them eat the sage person.]
[Subaru: We wont do the second half! Or anyways…….]
He opened his eyes wide at that fairly extreme remark, but that proposal surprised him even more.
He was surprised at Meili voicing an opinion he thought she would never say. This meant she was being cooperative, but he was even more surprised about how this meant she was fine with going outside.
[Subaru: Aren’t you scared to go outside? Will you be okay?]
[Meili: It’s not like I’ll be found by Mom right when I leave the mansion, you know? I’m scared of being found, but I can’t just stay in here my whole life.]
He was surprised with Meili being aware of how she had to come out eventually.
But, that may have been natural. He continued to make time to look at how the girl was doing by turn, but even then, there were far more times when that girl was confined in her room by herself. She surely had so much time to think that the silence would become scary.
Being confined in her room by herself was both relaxing and terrifying.
And even if those sensations paralyzed her one day, her heart would be tortured suddenly.
[Emilia: Subaru…….]
And when Subaru felt unusual sympathy for Meili’s heart, Emilia gently pulled on his sleeve. Subaru knew what she was thinking, as he agreed with it as well.
[Subaru: It’s not going out for fun. We have a guide, but we’ll be crossing the desert. And even though we have you, we have to pass through the mabeast’s den. To make matters worst, the sage might see us too.]
[Meili: Isn’t it nice taking a walk after a while?]
Meili says those words to Subaru, continuing to be strong. He didn’t know how much of it was a bluff, and how much of it was her telling the truth, but――
[Emilia: She is the trump card for the mabeasts, right?]
[Subaru: Ahh, yeah that’s right. We’ll be counting on you, Meili.]
[Meili: I’ll try my best either way.]
Emilia and Subaru look at each other, and then they nod at Meili. The girl who accepted their words says that as if overreaching herself and hugged the panda tightly.
And so this became a single step forward towards accomplishing their journey, so Julius folded his arms and said some brief words with a face of admiration as he made sure of the result.
[Julius: I don’t really want to say this, but persuading little girls really is one of your strong points. ……Although, I don’t think it’s really a good skill to be known for.]
[Subaru: It’s because you guys are steadily treating me like a little girl user! In regards to her being a little girl, I’ll have you know that Meili isn’t as small as a little girl, okay!]
Subaru points at the room’s entrance in frustration in response to Julius’ useless words. Right when he did, the person who showed up on the other side of the door was
[Beatrice: ――I was thinking about what was so noisy, only to find out that it was just Subaru making a racket again, I suppose.]
She finished her private talk with Roswaal, joined up with them. It seemed she had another quarrel, but that was put aside as something not worth bringing up, and she sought to cut them off for starters.
1. [Reference to Tarepanda, meaning lazy panda. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tarepanda%5D


Chapter 4
The conquering of the deathly Augria Sand Dunes in order to reach the Pleiades Watchtower.
The “demon beast manipulator” Meili joined Subaru’s group as a member that would boost their confidence in escaping from the sand maze-a maze containing dens of demon beasts.
They had decided to bring her with them. However, this girl had continued to be the sole person residing in the confinement room of the mansion for a long, restricted period of a whole year because she was helping Roswaal. Subaru knew that there would naturally be arguments over releasing Meili from her confinement considering there was an event where she attacked the mansion through treacherous “bowel hunting”, but——,
[Meili: There’s nooothing wrong with it is there? If people other than Emilia-sama and Subaru-kun are coming too, then there shouldn’t be any problem with me leaving as well, should there? Even if my judgement was inaccurate and she turns out to have bad intentions, you guys are the ones that she’d aim for, youuu know.]
Roswaal readily gave Meilil permission to leave after that. The specifics of his answer were the type of specifics that you couldn’t help but admit that they indeed sounded like things Roswaald would say. But anyways, she had gained his permission for now. Thus, Meilil was able to be safely released from her confinement that she had been in for a whole year.
[Meili: Mm~! Just as I thought, the atmosphere outside is sooo different. Being in that cramped room for soooo long made it hard for me to breathe.]
[Subaru: But still, he tried doing a lot of different things to make you feel otherwise, huh. It wasn’t as bad as you say it was, you know?]
[Meili: Reeally? I appreciate the consideration, but being able to freely move with your body is a whooole different feeling. Onii-san, if you don’t learn to appreciate the small things, you’ll be hated by onee-san and ojou-chan long before you know it, you knoooww.]
Meili pouted with her lips while holding her plethora of stuffed animals. By the way, the person Meili was referring to when she said “onee-san” was Emilia, while the person she was referring to when she said “ojou-chan” was Beatrice. She would refer to Petra as “Petra-chan”, Garfiel as “Fang onii-san”, and thus she’d reasonably refer to Otto as “weak looking person”.
[Meili: Can I rest in this room?]
[Subaru: As far as from what I’ve been told, there shouldn’t be problem. Someone came in to clean this place-despite it being a room that isn’t used very often-so you shouldn’t feel uneasy about it being dirty or anything like that. Frederica should have came to clean the room right around the time we brought our luggage out as well, so.]
[Meili:….Okay.]
There was this place within the western wing of Roswaal’s mansion. This place was the room that Meili continued to look around curiously——the inside of the room that was located at the corner of the private maid room.
Meili thoroughly tried to experience just what it was like to be free from confinement. Of course, it was necessary to have someone look over the mansion so that it wasn’t neglected. But what exactly was her role? Was she a guest? Was she a maid? Her role wasn’t far off from a guest, but it would also be unfair to miss the part of her that made her a maid.
Thus, she would be labeled as a “cooperative worker” of the mansion, as it would have been insufficient to call her a maid, and it would have been insufficient to call her a guest. She would take care of this one room on the maid floor as if it represented the second half of her internal body. She brought in each of her belongings that were previously kept in her confinement room, making it seem as if this bland room was being dyed with color.
[Meili: Even if I’ve been freed like this, I don’t know how long I’ll be staying here, you know. When a prospect that looks like an opportunity to live peacefully rises, I might immediately run away, after all.]
[Subaru: Well what’s most important is that you don’t cause trouble. So, as long as you don’t bring me to that frightening mother of yours, you can do whatever you’d like. Oh but, I’ll make sure you carry out your next job properly. After that, then you can do whatever you want.]
[Meili: You’re saying that when i-i-i-it’s all taken care of, I can die wherever I want?]
[Subaru: I have to even hear about stuff like that? Why would I care about where someone dies? …..That’s what the cynical, pretentious me of the past would say, but I won’t say stuff like that now.]
After Subaru set down all her belongings into the room, he petted Meili’s head as she stood still at the window. This girl with braided, chestnut hair twinkled her eyes as Subaru continued to pet her head.
[Subaru: I want my gang to be prepared to honestly risk their lives no matter what. You can be out however much you want, but if you’re going to be out like that, you might as well follow the one thing the letter said; that is, you should just enjoy this time as genuinely as you can.]
He gave a light pat to her head at the end of his statement and then brought his hand back. After receiving a light tap to her head from the hand that previously caressed her hair, Meili glared at Subaru with scornful eyes.
[Meili: ……Onii-san, did you win over Ojou-chan and Petra-chan like that? Jeeez, even being in constant caution of you isn’t enough.]
[Subaru: That aaactually wasn’t my intention, you know.]
After Subaru finished helping Meili bring her personal belongings in, he scratched his head and then headed towards the room’s exit.  He did not have any intention of possibly helping with the rearrangement of the room upon completing the task of bringing in her stuff. On top of that, there was a helpless wall separating Subaru’s sense of rearrangement and Meli’s sense of rearrangement. Thus, he decided that it would be best to depart before doing anything unnecessary that would cause her to dislike him.
[Meili: Well, I’ll take your words with a grain of salt. Besides, you’re going to be throwing your life away soon at the Augria Sand Dunes anyway.]
[Subaru: We aren’t going to throw away our lives; we’re going to assemble our lives. And that’s where we’ll be heavily relying on your powers, so we’ll be counting on you.]
[Meili: Okay, okay.]
Meili swung her hand back and forth and then led Subaru out of the room while holding one of his hands. She brought out each of her belongings out from a box—wearing an indifferent face while avoiding looking at Subaru—and her belongings started to form a temporary arrangement of her own room. Just like Meili said, this was a room that made her feel like she didn’t know how long she would be staying, nor did she know if she’d return.
[Meili: I’m having fun, ahhh.]
This girl indulged herself in her own room as she walked around with a gait that exemplified unrestrained enthusiasm.  He was able to partially see the pleasant sight of the liveliness of this girl, which was a liveliness that was exhibited from being satisfied simply by having all of her favorite stuffed animals set down all around the room. It was a type of liveliness that was reminiscent of how a girl of her age would react when she got her very own first room.

※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
With the decision of adding Meili to the group, the participants in the “Exciting tour to question the Sage” would include this group of 7: Subaru, Emilia, Beatrice, their followers that would be helping from the outskirts—I.E. the three people who were Julius, Anasthasia, and Meili—and then finally the sole girl that they’d finally be able to bring out, Rem. These were the final 7 members who would face the Augria Sand Dunes located at the eastern end of the world.
The direction towards the Augria Sand Dunes—which was a place that was located far off in the world and was a place that was far away from their group—resembled a straight line that pointed towards due east from the eastern Roswaal mansion. However, this journey had a path that was longer than the path one would be required to take to head towards the watergate city Pristella; it would take close to 20 days for just a one-way trip.
In other words, this journey would take a total of 40 days just to go there and back. They would safely arrive at the watchtower, and if they thought about staying there for a couple of days, the length of this large expedition could very well turn into something like 2 months instead. The problem with this was that——,
[Subaru: Heey, Petra. Sorry for leaving you alone. I’ll make you feel better.]
[Petra: Don’t worry~. I’m not angry. It’s fine. Subaru-sama can go to as many faraway, dangerous places as he wants, just like he always has, right?]
Petra was yielding to the harsh depression that resulted from having to stay behind in Pristella for a period of a month, which would soon become a period of two months. This girl walked impetuously around the mansion with a cold, clear face as she waved around her maid outfit—an outfit that was befitting for her petite body. As for Subaru, he was apologizing behind her and was in the midst of running out of words to say to try and fix her mood.
Anyways, while it was necessary for Subaru to become this frantic to figure out how to fix Petra’s mood, girls also had this common assumption about guys in regards to their mood. This common assumption was that, in all times and all places, whenever they became displeased like this, it was usually the guy’s fault.
In reality, Petra was the girl with the most prominent girl power in the mansion. She would proudly display this girl power as the representative for the girls. The only possible unfortunate men in this mansion that could have possibly harmed her mood were Subaru, Roswaal, Garfiel, Otto——wait a second, isn’t that a lot of people? And wait…weren’t all guys unfortunate when it came to power? Puck would also have to adopt this power of pathetic men, as he had to do so in order to carry out his revival. It was beyond pathetic. But anyways—
[Subaru: I know that leaving you behind with Roswaal at the mansion would stress you so much that it would make it hard for you to breathe, but if you were to just reason that it was just another job and did your best to……gooeh!]
[Petra: I don’t get mad over things like that! I’m not a kid! Stop saying weird things like that when I have Ram nee-sama and Frederica nee-sama.]
[Subaru: To think a girl who headbutts the pit of a man’s stomach could claim that she’s not a child is just……]
Petra causing Subaru to faint in agony with a strike to a vital part of his body truly resembled anger. She stuck a prideful pose as she held her waist with both of her hands, and she stuck out her chest to insistently convince him that her appearance resembled a figure that was indicative of anything but a kid. However, a lady’s spirit is something that is completed before her body catches up. As for Beatrice, her body’s growth rate would not catch up at all, so it felt like her spirit was being dragged along as well, but….
[Subaru: But Petra, didn’t you start this headbutt from a higher place than your previous one? Well even then, it felt like there was a small moment at the start of your previous headbutt where you were on your tiptoes before you came flying towards my bosom.]
[Petra: ….I’m dumbfounded. Didn’t Beatrice tell you? Hey! Look! I’ll grow up in a month too, as my back has grown, my legs have grown, and hasn’t my face become cute as well?]
[Subaru: Ah, I guess you did grow a bit? Your back and your hair I mean. Although, your face was cute from the beginning.]
Petra was already the beauty of the Irlam village. Being lured away from the mansion as one of its maids at the time was a complicated situation, as Petra had this fixed image of a girl that everyone wanted to marry. To be more specific, you could cause a sumo wrestling tournament to unfold in the center of the plaza if you challenged these crybabies. The adults would barge in at the end, and the celebration of lifting the somehow beaten up Subaru into the air would reach its end. It would be an enigmatic rite of passage.
Anyways, Petra was this girl who was loved by the villagers. She was a girl who often expressed her sorrow from helping with the mansion. He wanted to use the convenience of having her in the mansion as much as possible for the sake of the extraordinary Petra in the future. That being said, at the same time, Subaru had no power within the mansion, so he would cherish these days to such an extent so that he would continue on without forgetting this type of ordinary life, although—
[Subaru: Also, you weren’t able to be the extremely playful girl that you are. As for your sister with her well-known temper…I am aware of how you feel suffocated from having her tell you to work all the time.]
[Petra: It’s not like that though…..]
Subaru let both of his arms open to console the pouting girl. Petra showed a slightly hesitant gesture, and then she jumped into Subaru’s arms. He hugged her small body, and then petted her head as if it was to reward her.
[Petra: Subaru….I mean Subaru-sama, you’re going to do something dangerous again?]
[Subaru: It’s not as if it’s completely decided that it’s going to be dangerous, you know? Actually, it kinda sounds like I’m saying that you shouldn’t consider the possibility of it being dangerous, but the truth is that it really might be a reasonably safe expedition.]
[Petra: What’s the probability of each outcome?]
[Subaru: I guess it would be a ratio of 8:2, with the safe outcome being the lowest, maybe?]
[Petra: To me, that sounds like it’d be pretty dangerous then.]
Revealing something late into the conversation and not being able to lie were two of Subaru’s unfortunate tendencies. Subaru felt like Petra started to become displeased while being held in his arms. He then he let out a sigh, as he did not understand why she started to act like this. Suddenly, Petra started to rub her forehead against his stomach.
[Petra: I’m worried. Subaru-sama is always like this; ever since you first came to the mansion, and ever since I met you at the village. You’re gonna go take diligent action all over the place again, even when it seems so dangerous. It would be nice if you would learn a thing or two from my lazy Master.]
[Subaru: Nah. Even though Roswaal gave his stamp of approval, he probably still sweats from his forehead when we aren’t there to see it. I agree that he’s useless when it comes to life threatening matters, though.]
[Petra: It was rough with the demon beasts; it was rough with the witch cult; it was rough with the dirt spiders; it was rough with the goddess statue; it was rough at the Elior forest; and it was rough cleaning the graves too. Despite all that, you still fought with the witch cult at Pristella, and then Otto and the others di……still fought.]
[Subaru: Otto nearly killed us back then.]
“Otto died too much”. Amazingly enough, Subaru was in complete agreement with this, but he wished that he wouldn’t simply die. If Otto were to die, Subaru could no longer let himself die—not to exaggerate it as a friendship that would continue through death or anything like that, though.
[Petra: Why can’t someone other than Subaru-sama do it? Someone—another person…..you should just leave it up to someone stronger or something like that, like Master, since he has the time.]
[Subaru: I…I understand. I understand just how much frustration you’ve had piled up because of how Roswaal wastes his time so often. Stop trying to add things on in attempts to drive Roswaal off to his death. It creates an intense amount of tension in the camp.]
It wouldn’t be a problem if it was just things like Roswaal not noticing how Petra put squeezed juice from cloth into his tea. However, it would obviously be bad if she started to clearly show her hostility and malice. Subaru let out a commanding voice before it would turn out like this, but Petra’ eyed Subaru with a serious look. It seemed like half-assed deception and insincere words wouldn’t be able to convince her. Also, above all, Petra was seriously worried about Subaru’s safety. Saying anything unnecessary and careless in this situation would be disrespectful to Petra’s feelings of anxiety.
[Subaru: Well, I get your point. I really do. It’s true that there seems to be demon beasts on the way to the sage’s tower; it’s true that the desert’s maze is rumored to be ridiculous. And I know how ridiculous it is in the first place to aim for the sage who would become irritated by us coming close to the tower……but even then, there’s no way in hell I’d leave this up to someone else.]
[Petra: …….Why? Subaru-sama, aren’t you perhaps overestimating your own strength? Just let Gafu-san make an embarrassing assumption like that.]
[Subaru: Your critical strictness is seriously ridiculous! There’s no way in hell I’m gonna leave it up to Garfiel!]
Petra’s critical standards were so harsh that it would make a man tremble if he heard them. It would be appropriate to characterize Garfiel’s attitude towards his weakness as one of making false expectations while being unfazed. However, Garfiel made sure to put in earnest efforts to change these “false expectations” into “reality”. Also, in this case, the problem was probably the fact that he’d interpret his ability to make “false expectations” as strength. The matter at hand thus could not be handled by Garfiel, considering his interpretation of his strength and his actual strength.
[Subaru: Well putting the juxtaposition of Garfiel’s impression and his way of thinking aside…..it’s not like I…It’s not like I think there isn’t a person out there that’s more suitable for the job. And first of all, leaving everything up to Reinhard would be safer in all kinds of ways if there were preparations to escape the desert maze.]
[Petra: Then why don’t you let him do it?]
[Subaru: I wonder why. Despite being someone who’s fond of being spoiled, I thought I was someone that didn’t yearn for honor.]
In actuality he really did not understand why he desired to do it like this. His audacious words would simply take form in this way. Whenever his audacious words took form, it would probably become something like such, maybe.
[Subaru: ——Never mind. This is something I want to do myself after all. Even if there might be someone more suited for it out there, even though I know there’d be a higher chance of success that way, I still want to do it.]
[Petra: Why?]
[Subaru: It’s embarrassing but….it’s because I want to be the first one to see her when she wakes up.]
[————]
He didn’t specify who. Even if he didn’t specify, Petra understood who it was. If a way to wake up that girl—the girl who continued to be in a state of deep slumber—was found at the sage’s tower, he wanted to be the one to seize it.
Even if there might be someone else out there who’d be more suitable for the job, even if someone other than himself would have a higher chance of success, this was the sole thing he wouldn’t give up. He didn’t want to give it up. This was Subaru’s ego.
[Subaru: If I were to disregard my feelings and think of it from a rational viewpoint…..anyone could be the one to wake her up. If something like a ridiculous disease of never being able to wake up were to spread, and if we were to only talk about saving them, I wouldn’t care about who’d be the one to develop a vaccine or a specific medicine for it. I wouldn’t care about the process, if it meant saving them.]
[Petra: …..Yeah.]
[Subaru: But if my feelings drive in, I want to do things my way. I want to be the one to save them. I want to be the the one to wake them up. I want to give it my all and save everything.]
——-Thus, Natsuki Subaru would be the one to go.
There were countless others who were stronger.
There were countless others who were more reliable.
There were countless others  who were wiser.
There were countless others of class who were more wonderful.
But Natsuki Subaru would ignore all of that, and he would be the one to go. He did this only because he wanted to be praised by this girl after he saved her.
[Subaru: Sorry for disappointing you with my selfishness.]
[Petra: —–You really did disappoint me. Nothing you said changes my feelings.]
[Petra: Hmm?]
After her acknowledgement of Subaru’s shamefulness, Subaru petted Petra’s head while he was prepared for hatred. But after Petra let out an unclear voice, she lifted her head from Subaru’s arms. Subaru was surprised when her round, large eye became clouded by a giant teardrop. And then—
[Petra: Ey!]
[Subaru: Another headbutt—-!?]
Petra swung her pointy head downward, and then her forehead caused great pain to the pit of Subaru’s stomach. Petra aimed at Subaru’s defenseless vitals—which made Subaru fall to his knees—and then she escaped from his arms with an anticlimactic leap. She then closed one of her eyes and stuck out her tongue.
[Petra: Subaru-sama you idiot! You’re selfish! Why don’t you just go do whatever you want!]
[Subaru: gu, uo……..]
[Petra: Because when 2 months pass and you return, I’ll surprise you by becoming a really beautiful girl. Feel free to regret not being able to see that growth up closeby!]
[Subaru: There really is something unfortunate about that.]
It’s not normal for a kid to change during their growth period so suddenly. But Petra was also a glamorous 13 year old. After 2 months passed, she just might have a completely different impression.
[Subaru: To tell you the truth, I also grew 19 centimeters between the 7th and 8th grade……]
[Petra: Huh? That seem’s a little impossible…..]
Well, this was a rare case where Subaru grew because his original height was short.Although Petra broke down the size of his expectations that he bet on, this girl grasped her fist soon after the event. She then thrust both of her fists towards Subaru and made a declaration.
[Petra: Anywayss! What you should do is: go ahead and travel towards dangerous places like you want-worrying everyone and troubling everyone-and after that, come back like you always do.]
[Subaru: It sounds like I’m a pretty big nuisance to others when you say that…..]
Although, when you looked at it that way, the way she described him surprisingly didn’t sound wrong. Anyhow, Subaru pushed out both of his hands as well, and then he matched Petra’s fist with his own.
[Subaru: It’s always troubling for Petra, but I’ll carelessly head towards dangerous places like I always do, and you just wait for me to return like normal after I’m done with doing various things—one after another. It is Petra’s own special right to welcome us back once we return from our journey.]
[Petra: ……You won’t let Frederica nee-sama or Ram nee-sama say it before me, right?]
[Subaru: Yeah. I promise.]
[Petra: Including Master?]
[Subaru: Even if you don’t worry about that, I’d get hit by Roswaal if he were to be the first one to appear when we come back.]
[Petra: …..Mm, I understand. Alright, that convinces me.]
She pulled back her fist that was matched with Subaru’s, and then triumphant spirits started to flow into the sighing Petra. The flow was substantial, and should have looked like a big form of forgiveness, but—
[Petra: Jeez, Subaru-sama can’t be helped…..]
It kinda felt like she was saying this statement in a way that made it seem as if she was talking to everyone. He couldn’t be matched. Those were Subaru’s thoughts.

※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
Although he wasn’t worried to the point of anxiety, in order to settle an uncertain matter that lied within the mansion, Subaru would finally step inside that room.
[————-]
Entering this room was the only time Subaru would naturally hold his breath and lighten his footsteps. But even if he were to enter the room while singing loudly and tapping with his footsteps, the situation within the room definitely wouldn’t change.
Still, perhaps he unconsciously decided to withhold the silence within the room simply for the sake of the girl who laid down on the bed within the room, whose figure would cause pain to swell up within his chest if he were to look at it excessively.
It was a deep sleep where, if she were to be able to wake up even right at this moment, he would wish for her to wake up. However, he felt that even if that were to happen, if he were to disturb her deep sleep, he would suffer a punishment of some sort, similar to a curse. This girl, who sunk into a deep sleep of everlasting dreams, was precious to him to such degree.
[Subaru: I say that but, that of course is just my own overly subjective belief huh…]
Saying those words with a tone of disbelief, Subaru pulled out a chair aside the bed to sit on. Just like that, one month had passed and he step foot into this room, meeting the face of a sleeping Rem, whose state showed no change from one year ago, now as well continuing to be in a state of deep slumber.
[Subaru: I’m back, but I’m sorry for coming to see you so late. I had some business to take care of…and on top of that I showed a bit of hesitation, making this visit very last-minute.]
[————–]
It was obvious but, of course, there was no response from Rem who was in a deep slumber. Subaru reached out with his voice, despite knowing the fact that there would be no response, and held a calm expression even then. Natsuki Subaru held this expression that he would expose only to this specific girl.
He owned this determined expression, indicating he was ready to throw something away, that he would only show to Emilia. He owned this faithful expression, that made it seem as if he would be able to entrust his life, that he would only show to Beatrice. And then he owned this expression that exposed his weaknesses which he so often tried to conceal, the expression that he would only show to Rem.
[Subaru: I wonder if it’s okay if I talk… Actually, there’s so many things I can talk to you about, you know? Sadly I wasn’t able to visit you before because I was at the watergate city Pristella, but there still really was a lot of things that happened there. It was such a big uproar that, even if I talked to you about it all night, there still would be more for me to tell you. ….But even then, I have plenty of time in the world to talk to you about all that.]
Subaru gently slipped his hand within the bed, searching for the hand of the girl who had a towel blanket up to her chest, and began to make a speech upon grasping Rem’s hand. Within her long fingertips, with her slender, pale arms, her gentleness and existence of her warmth were evident, but for some reason it felt as if the circulation of her blood—–no, a sign of life within her was missing.
A lone force within her was preserving the life within her. However, there was no force within her that was fulfilling the role of moving that life forward.
Rem, with this contradictory situation going on within her, still had her time frozen, trapped within a state of deep slumber. However——,
[Subaru: I might finally reach you.]
[—————]
[Subaru: Of course, it’s also possible for me to make my expectations too high and not end up being satisfied. Of course, it’s also possible for the sage to fail to live up to her name and end up with nothing, only to have her apologize for her inaccurate information in the end.]
[—————]
[Subaru: But]
A clear way of a solution other than defeating gluttony finally is coming into sight. Although other people would have expectations and would become disappointed at the solutions that were available as a result of following a journey like this, the answer that he followed this road for still resembled a symbol of hope that he would finally seem to be able to lay his hands on.
[Subaru: Because Echidna freaked out and didn’t listen]
Within the sanctuary, within the witch’s graveyard, when he was invited to that surreal tea party, meeting the Witch of Greed along with Echidna, Subaru rejected the witches, escaping from the control of their hand. Natsuki Subaru made this decision in order to protect his own fragile soul, but at the same time it was a decision that distanced himself from people who could have (possibly) helped him find a way to save Rem.
Of course, he wasn’t aware the extent to which Echidna held an opinion of the Archbishops brandishing their power. But maybe, if he still were to reveal his circumstances, perhaps he would have been able to come up with a solution after hearing the Witch’s input.
He was confident that he made the right decision, and his immediate rejection of the witch’s demands was something that resembled his determination. But time was running out, and when he became aware of the fact that it felt as if the nature of the passing seasons was leaving Rem behind, he became worried about whether or not his decision was the correct one after all.
Even if he promised from the bottom of his heart that he would save her, he himself had not yet taken any definite action that would achieve such. He had only been able to slip through from the feeling of entrapment he felt from the stalemate he had been in, and was finally now able to do something for her sake.
In order to save the multitude of people-the multitude of men within the town of Pristella who were suffering the same type of fate as Rem-he went on a journey towards the Pleiades watchtower. However, if you were to point out his real motive, the real reason Subaru moved forward towards this watchtower was because of Rem; nothing else was a real possible candidate for being his true reason. It was unreasonable and inappropriate, even while understanding that, Subaru continued to—–.
[Subaru: I will save you, Rem. That is my oath.]
Just like she was there for Subaru during those fragile days, in those times- Now was the time when Subaru wanted to be the one there for her and offer his hand, in these times where Rem needed someone’s hand the most.
[——-That hurts.]
[Subaru: ——-!?]
Subaru, who had his eyes closed tight while speaking words of determination, heard that voice which made his face lift up abruptly. He took a look at Rem with a look of inconceivable surprise within his eyes, only to find that she was laying there quietly with her eyes closed, holding onto Subaru’s hand in silence. If that’s the case, then whose voice——,
[Ram: Let go of her hand Barusu. Just looking at how strongly you’re holding her hand brings me pain ]
[Subaru: …..Oh, it’s Ram.]
When Subaru looked back, he saw Ram standing and staring at him with a cold look in her eyes from the room’s entrance. After being relieved by her look, he realized that he had been holding Rem’s hand with his own hand tighter than he thought he was and quickly let go.
[Ram: It’s okay, I can handle watching Subaru violate Rem’s whitebait-like fingers out of his sexual desires.]
[Subaru: Can you not say it like that? That’ll make me feel like the semblance of my previous determination completely turned into something loathsome.]
After Subaru let go of Rem’s hand, Ram, who had stepped into the room, took her hand instead. The older sister gently caressed the slender, white fingers of her younger sister and then looked at Subaru with a side glance.
[Ram: Was your determination really that pure? Carefully reflect on yourself a bit more and make your speech again. …..If you unleash your sexual desires towards me, who looks extremely similar to Rem, Ram will also get the shivers up her back and run away.]
[Subaru: Calm down. Even though your physical appearances are extremely alike, I will never confuse myself when pointing out the difference in radiance held within between you two.]
[Ram: Is that so. I guess that’s fine then. But even if you were to finally find a way to try to wake her up, if you were to meet again with her without remembering who she was, Rem’s feelings would not be at peace. It would be surprising if she were to not hold any detest for you, if your depictions of her during our idle conversations were not just wild fantasies that is.]
[Subaru: Just how little faith do you have in me…we’ve known each other for a long time now you know?]
[Ram: Haah.]
Snorting with her nose like she always did, Ram indicated with her movements that she was about to leave her seat. Along with getting up from her seat, she took a look around the room and then,
[Ram: I need to get ready to leave so, someone also needs to prepare Rem’s second set of clothes. There’s not much sweat on her clothes so changing them isn’t really necessary but…..her body still needs to be wiped off so.]
[———-]
[Ram: Something’s widening below your nose, disgusting.]
[Subaru: I didn’t say anything because there wasn’t really anything to say but, even when I don’t say anything this is the treatment I get!?]
Taking care of Rem’s body—-the Rem who had her name and memories eaten-was essentially unrelated to getting a reaction from her physical body. There was no real palpable practical reason for doing things like wiping her body and changing her clothes. The reason for doing such things was no more than to simply be able to occasionally comfort himself, being able to remind the people around her of her existence, not allowing it to be deserted.
Looking at Ram with disdain, Subaru seemed like he was unreasonably about to act like one of the troupe people, but when he remembered the place he was in he let go of his fist.
[————]
Only considering the ultimate results from doing all this, actions like Subaru making a speech and Ram taking care of her younger sister’s body, nothing really seemed to be indicative of moving forward. He didn’t stop people from taking actions that could be considered pointless, because he realized that even if people didn’t say it out loud, he knew that people still acknowledged the fact that their actions would not bring actual results.
[Subaru: Isn’t about time for you to start feeling as if Rem is your real sister?]
[————-]
Subaru asked this question unexpectedly to Ram who, with her caring way of doing things, was looking at the figure of a sleeping Rem with her kindness. Even though Ram bravely took care of Rem, she had no memories of this girl who represented her other half. The girl was so similar to Ram that you couldn’t possibly claim that they were unrelated. But if you solely considered Ram’s true feelings about her, you could say that Ram’s relation to Rem was a weak one.
Still, days like these passed by for a whole year. Even though she had lost her memories of Rem, it was possible for new, different ones to form. Perhaps now definite memories were taking form within Ram.
[Ram: Earnest feelings aren’t things that sprout that easily. I still don’t have memories of her in me and I’ve never witnessed this girl in an awake state. Although I could imagine that she was probably someone of excellence and dignity, similar to myself.]
[Subaru: Sure she was excellent but, I don’t really have any memory of her being that dignified. Rather, there was a lot of times where she would surprisingly be in such a hurry to the point of being reckless, causing me to worry.]
Rem had this other reckless part of her that she would show on occasion. Ram responded to Subaru with an “I see” with a listless voice similar to the wind.
[Ram: Speaking of memories that I do not remember, even if it’s just for amusement, is nothing more than moving backwards. That’s something I’m not very fond of, Barusu.]
[Subaru: Is that so? If you say so, then I’ll stop.]
[Ram: ….After she wakes up, if I regain my memories of her even then, I’ll have plenty of things to talk to her about. But even if say I don’t regain them, if she just were to wake up, as much as she’d want to talk about I would…]
Peeping into the face of her younger sister, Ram played with her bangs with an unchanging expression. Rem’s hair freely drifting down from above her pale forehead, Ram let out a small sigh. Her expression was one that seemed cruel yet gentle to Subaru.
Even if she remembered nothing, even if she lost her memories of her, it wasn’t as if their bond had disappeared. Even if it had disappeared, it wasn’t as if it wouldn’t intertwine again. Those were Subaru thoughts.
[Subaru: Well, leave all that to me. I’ll conquer the sage’s watchtower and then definitely make Rem wake up. And then you two sisters will have your emotional reunion.]
Thus, Subaru said these words in an excessively bright manner, with a deliberately loud voice. If anything, this moment between Subaru and Rem didn’t fit the quiet atmosphere within the room.
Subaru made this speech, only to have Ram look back at him with an extremely confused look.
[Ram: What are you saying, Barusu.]
[Subaru: Huh?]
After that, Ram looked at Subaru with a look that made it seem like Subaru looked like an idiot.
[Ram: Ram will also accompany you on this next journey, so putting it that way is pretty condescending. If it’s going to be an emotional reunion, Ram will act on her own accord.]
[Subaru: That’s news that I haven’t heard before you know!]
In response to Subaru widening his eyes in surprise, Ram looked at Subaru with an even more despising look. Even if she looked at him with that look, he couldn’t know what he hadn’t been told about, and he couldn’t be aware of things that he couldn’t have heard about, so this was an unreasonable situation.
[————–]
In response to Subaru asking about what she was talking about, Ram held a manner of blocking her ears from his words with rejection. This day of preparation as well would gradually pass on, as they wouldn’t be able to have a straightforward conversation.
—–The decision for Ram to accompany him, with a goal of reuniting the sisters Ram and Rem.
A journey beginning with the purpose of meeting the fortune-telling sage, a journey to conquer the Pleiades watchtower-. In total there would be a sum of 8 participants of a large family. That was the type of situation that seemed to lie ahead.
Advertisement


Chapter 5
Various discussions were had, along with complications with the travelers. Many problems were had when saying goodbyes to the people left behind, but still, the morning where they’d leave had finally arrived.
[Subaru: And so, it turned out to be a bigger group than I thought, but……]
Subaru folds his arms as he gazes at the people who would travel along the “Tour to Conquer the Sage’s Tower”.
The two camps to participate were the Emilia camp and Anastasia camp. Of course, the Emilia camp consisted of Subaru, Emilia, and Beatrice, along with Rem, who continued to sleep, and Ram, who accompanied her. It was a total of five people. There was Anastasia, the guide for the Augra Sand Dunes, and Julius, the knight. Then there was Meili, who was brought along as a “Mabeast User” to let them pass by the groups of mabeasts that were there at the sand dunes.
If having a simple plan was the goal, then they had a lot of the people who were involved in rescuing Priestella, and in regards to commanding people, Subaru had experience with the subjugation of the white whale, as well as the battle with sloth.
However, simply moving towards faraway land――these 8 key people for that journey had no experience.
[Subaru: Wonder if it’ll actually be fine……]
[Emilia: Worried about something, Subaru?]
He tilts his head, and when he was imagining the distant future, he saw Emilia pop up in his vision. Subaru clears his throat with a “Hm” at the girl wearing a lightweight dress for traveling afar and says
[Subaru: When I think about the place we’re going to, I can’t stop being nervous. When I stop thinking about it…..I feel afraid about going to a dangerous place with a large group of people, since it’s hard to help everyone when there’s that many people.]
[Emilia: You may be right. Rem and Ram are coming along too. Subaru will have to be protected by Meili and Anastasia.]
[Subaru: What the!? I’m already being treated as someone who won’t fight!?]
[Emilia: Come on, Subaru. Obviously it’s just a joke. You’re going to take this seriously, after all.]
When Subaru suddenly screeched at Emilia, who made a fist, she started to laugh, as she couldn’t handle it. Subaru laughed after that reaction, but the stiffness of his slight smile was forgiving of her joke.
Emilia was actually a lot better in fights than Subaru. From Emilia’s point of view, Subaru was someone who should be protected――of course, she didn’t mean to think of him only as that, but…
[Subaru: The next specific thing to feel uneasy would be……]
When Subaru took a breather from his conversation with Emilia, he turned his attention towards the front.
They were already at the Roswaal residence’s front garden, and the preparations to depart were going smoothly. Then, what Subaru saw was close to 10 people transporting a large passenger carriage. Two earth dragons were linked together with their heads for pulling the dragon carriage. Both were races that were adequate to travel long distances.
The problem were was the situation next to the dragon carriage. There was the jet black earth dragon casually standing still, and there was a small silhouette that came face to face with her snout as they glared at each other.
Subaru lets out a shocked sigh at that situation, and he breaks in between the two that stared at each other.
[Subaru: You’ve been exaggerated as a mabeast user, but can you not get along with earth dragons too?]
[Meili: Come on, Onii-san. Can you not misunderstand me? The only animals I can discipline are ones that are bad and have horns. Any other animal won’t like me, as I’m someone who carries a stink.]
[Subaru: So that’s how it is………isn’t it rough like that?]
Subaru shrugs his shoulders at Meili’s explanation, and pets the nose of Patrasche, who glared at her. When Subaru touched this very prideful female earth dragon, it took a blunt sniff of his hand’s stink.
It was as if she was doing this to override the stink of the girl in front of her with Subaru’s stink.
[Subaru: It’s really unusual to see Patrasche be this blunt, as she is someone who is tolerant and good at being considerate…….seems like she’s really hard to hit off with.]
[Meili: I can be relevantly friendly with other animals, but that earth dragon is too attached to Onii-san. She is so attached that it feels like if I let my guard down, I will get bitten. Onii-san, if you don’t discipline her properly, I’ll become that animal’s food, so be careful.]
[Subaru: Don’t say such scary things like it’s nothing…….Patrasche, woah woah.]
Subaru calms down the slightly agitated loving dragon and lets Meili ride on it. Furthermore, this “mabeast user” who traveled with them had little luggage. She was a girl who rarely carried any belongings. But even then, she brought the stuffed panda Subaru made. The childish charm she had was lovely.
[Anastasia: Looks like you’re having trouble Natsuki-kun, since you’re always trying to please girls.]
[Subaru: ……If you think so, then it’d make me happy if you could stop taking up my time.]
When he pushed Meili onto the dragon carriage, Anastasia called out to him with a teasing tone. Anastasia――even though she was called this, inside she was the white fox Echidna.
On the remaining 20 days from Priestella to the mansion, most of the differences were buried. Even if she would do Anastasia’s job like this, it seemed like it would eventually become hard to tell them apart.
[Anastasia: I’d appreciate it if you wouldn’t doubt me like that. Didn’t I tell you that I have no motive? Hence, I’ve volunteered to be your guys’ guide for a dangerous path.]
[Subaru: Including that point too, my stance is that there’s a possibility of you having various plans, considering your creator. I’ve said this many times too, so remember it. It’s not like I don’t wont want to believe you. It would make me feel a lot more at ease if I could believe you.]
[Anastasia: It’s not amusing being at a disadvantage like this by not remembering someone. It seems like my creator made me not have memory in order to displease you.]
[Subaru: ――――]
[Anastasia: That’s why you shouldn’t get so angry. Geez, it’s scary.]
When he glared at Eridna, who went back to herself midway, she went back to disguising herself as Anastasia and pouted with her lips. With that, she passed by Subaru and stepped into the dragon carriage.
After that, the number of people was――
[Roswaal: Subaru-kun, can I speak to you too for a bit?]
When he was called out to and turned around, he saw Roswaal coming out of the mansion’s entrance way.
Next to the Margrave in a clown outfit, there was Emilia and Julius. Roswaal turned towards them, thinking about how unusual the combination was, and looked at the three people as he closed one eye.
[Roswaal: First off, I imagine that this journey will take almost two months. Just from that, I’m thinking about the unforeseen situations that might come along midway. If you have Emilia-sama and Anastasia-sama to deal with the problems every time, then I don’t think there will be any serious errors, buuuut…….]
[Emilia: Yeah, you can count on me. It’s not like I sat around being idle either, after all.]
[Roswaal: Those words are reassuring. I’m honestly happy with Emilia-sama’s growth. …….Alright, putting aside the unease along the journey as something that will be taken care of individually, there is one person you must pay attention to. ――It’s Ram.]
[――――]
Roswaal said that with a lower voice, and it made Subaru and the others’ expressions change.
Emilia’s eyes twitch, while Subaru’s cheeks stiffen as if he was going into deep thought. And then Julius, the only person who was unrelated to the camp at this place, frowned slightly.
[Julius: About that, how about I stay with her? Sir Mathers, as Anastasia’s knight, the state of camp affairs are……although I am a mere servant, I should understand that revealing them wouldn’t be a good idea.]
[Roswaal: It’s not like I proposed the idea without caring about anything and anyboooody. Julius Juukulius-dono. After seeing your behavior at your mansion and the way you behave with Subaru-kun, I’ve come to understand that you are a reliable person. I would like you to think about that, in regards to the previous favor.]
[Subaru: This is the shadiest you’ve sounded in a long time, Ros-chi.]
[Emilia: Sorry, I kinda thought so too……]
When Roswaal replied to Julius’ worry with a serious voice, Subaru and Emilia both raised their hands up almost at the same time and teased him.
Even without considering the previous offense, what Roswaal said was too uncharacteristic of himself. He said “It’s not liiike that”, perhaps because he himself was aware of how it was uncharacteristic. He gives a wry smile at Subaru and the others and says
[Roswaal: Weeell, maybe my lack of persuasion just can’t be helped. Julius-kun doing everything he can about other camps finding faults……I really did think of how greedy of a personality he had. That’s why I want you to listen too. This is a matter of life or death, you know.]
[Julius: Life or……]
When Julius whispered that with an extremely serious face, Roswaal said “Yes, your life”, and nodded.
[Roswaal: Just like Subaru-kun and Emilia-sama know, Ram’s constitution is just a little special. The vessel in her body takes in too much ability, which fills it up. Or perhaps you could say that the fuel to correspond with the flame called ability isn’t ready.]
[Subaru: ……I’m not that informed on it for you to say “Just like Subaru-kun and Emilia know”.]
[Roswaal: Is that so? Theeen, how about her being part of the oni clan?]
[Subaru: Well that’s…….]
Of course, he knew about Ram and Rem being part of the oni clan.
He was saved more than twice by Rem, who could exert her oni power to heart’s content as she grew her horn. He also heard from Ram herself about how she lost her horn and was “hornless”.
Therefore, Subaru thought that it wasn’t really something that was surprising, but
[Julius: ――Oni clan, you say?]
[Subaru: Julius?]
The person who lowered his voice and revealed his astonishment was the person next to him, Julius. On his handsome face, he had his eyebrows lifted and you could see disturbance in his yellow eyes.
[Julius: I’ve heard that the oni clan has been destroyed.]
[Roswaal: About 10 years ago, the last village burned down, Ram was the last survivor…..sorry, including Rem, the survivors were the two sisters.]
[――――]
He spoke about it in an implicate way, but Subaru did not butt into the conversation. He was more surprised at how those sisters were rarer than he expected, more than he was irritated.
[Emilia: Is there a reason for the oni clan’s peril?]
[Roswaal: ……Don’t worry, Emilia-sama. The downfall of the oni-clan was an inevitable from natural selection. It’s a result of them not going along with the flow of the times and clinging onto old customs. They definitely didn’t lower in numbers because of discrimination and prejudice and collapsed.]
[Emilia: …….Oh.]
Emilia makes an understanding, melancholic look at Roswaal’s explanation.
Emilia had a rare birthplace, being treated as a half elf. It was natural for her to feel unease and sympathy for the two of them being left behind and the oni clan going into ruins.
[Subaru: We get that those two are all the members of the oni clan. So, then what?]
Subaru senses the conversation starting to stagnate, so he moved the conversation with an intentionally loud voice. When Emilia and Julius lifted their faces in response to that voice, Roswaal touched his chin and said
[Roswaal: Putting aside Rem, who hasn’t been acting with her body, there is a deficiency in Ram’s body, just like I said earlier. This is because she lost an organ that is important for the oni clan. That organ is the horn. Essentially, the enormous amount of mana in compensation for the horn to move the body――that isn’t prepared, so her body is always being ruined by pain and fatigue.]
[Emilia: That’s how it is…….!?]
[Roswaal: It isn’t unthinkable for you to be surprised. That girl is too firm. Not once has that caused her to have a frown on her face, after aaall.]
In response to Emilia, who choked, Roswaal shook his head slowly.
Subaru was also surprised alongside with Emilia. He knew that Ram had no horn. From Rem’s words, he also knew about how Ram had abilities that stood out before she lost her horn.
It’s just that, there was another penalty for lacking a horn that wasn’t the decline of ability. He didn’t realize it was continuing to ruin her, even now.
[Julius: ――I see. I’ve come to understand Sir Mathers’ thoughts.]
Then, Julius suddenly says that, only hearing the conversation to that stage, and he nods. Roswaal says “Hmm” and raises his eyebrows in response to that, and then Subaru and Emilia look at each other too.
These things just happened because of them confirming Ram’s constitution. Julius continued to caress his bangs in front of Subaru and the others, who were shocked, as if he understood Roswaal’s request.
[Julius: The oni race have traits like manipulating an enormous amount of mana, and fighting strength with their strong bodies. The essential thing that supports those two traits is the horn, which no other species has. ――If an oni’s horn fails to fulfill its role and he/she suffers, there has to be a replacement that fulfills the role of the “horn”.]
[Roswaal: I see that having your name taken away has been so frustrating that it’s made you smart. Being able to see through me that much with just this makes me feel gooood.]
[Emilia: Oh, so that’s how it is……]
Roswaal admires Julius for his explanation. Emilia also claps her hands from achieving understanding. The one person who was still perplexed and left behind was Subaru.
When the situation came to magical powers, Subaru was nothing but slow to understand them, as he was an amateur.
[Subaru: Don’t just understand it by yourselves like that. What exactly does this mean?]
[Julius: It’s easy. Miss Ram’s body is seeking the same amount of mana from the outside like when she had a horn. She lost her horn, and if she can’t find the mana, then someone needs to find a way to give that mana. ……That’s where we can come in.]
[Roswaal: Although, normally I would take that role and supply her secretly at niiight.]
[Subaru: …….Ah!?]
Subaru’s thoughts connected from Julius’ lecture and Roswaal’s words.
Every night, he would see Ram go to where Roswaal was with excitement. To be honest, Subaru looked away from the vividness of the suspicious relationship between the master and the maid.
Thinking about it again after understanding the circumstances, perhaps it was that sort of thing.
[Roswaal: Something come to your mind, Subaru-kun?]
[Subaru: N-no, nothing important. Go ahead and continue.]
[Roswaal: You sure?]
Even though he cleared up the misunderstanding he had for over a year, it wasn’t worth correcting himself.
Roswaal’s relatives were explosive with shadiness with how they have tried to meet with the witch Echidna for generations and generations. It was hard to forget about how Roswaal himself was remarkably attached to Echidna. He understood that he wasn’t fooling around with Ram, and on the contrary, he knew how he was attached.
[Julius: There’s a problem though, Sir Mathers. It’s about that request. I feel like I’m not competent enough to take it up.]
To the side of Subaru, who was having useless thoughts, Julius shook his head apologetically, which makes Roswaal squint his eyes.
[Roswaal: “Humbly speaking, perhaps I won’t support people from a different camp”……seems like that isn’t your intention. Offering Ram mana would require fire, water, wind, and earth attributes. Just from those, you would be more fit for the job, rather than Emilia-sama.]
[Julius: Sir Mathers, you probably have expectations for me because of these girls around me.]
Julius says that, being somewhat frail with a smile. Then, the man who responded reveals faint light flying around, and they saw the flickering of six kinds of light.
They were known as the six Quasi Spirits that Julius contracted with――however, as of right now
[Julius: About my buds……as of now, their connection with me is gone. Though, as long as they still have their original titles, I don’t have any qualms in accepting a request.]
[Roswaal: Your contract with the spirits have been severed from having your name taken away……huh. That being said, it seems like the spirits aren’t trying to leave you.]
[Julius: Perhaps there are remains of the lost connection inside of them. Or maybe they were bleached and the contract is still there just because of how they can’t see…….either way, I am only being saved by these buds’ affection with how they’re not abandoning someone unskilled like myself. I don’t have much left in me, so I wonder if I’ll be able to help with my poor abilities.]
Julius talks about the connection with the Quasi Spirits and sighs. After that, he looked at Subaru just for a second. Subaru could not instantly figure out what he wanted with that look, so all he could only look troubled.
[Julius: ――As of right now, I am merely a devoted knight. My apologies.]
[Roswaal: I seeee. That’s too bad. It is serious damage, but……]
[Emilia: It’s fine. If Julius can’t do it, then leave it up to me.]
Roswaal also lowered his tone at Julius, who felt sad, but the person who took his place and puffed up with pride was Emilia. When she energetically went in front of him, she brought out her own lesser spirits around her.
[Emilia: They’re a little different from Julius’ quasi spirits, but if they’re the lesser spirits, then I can borrow their powers too. The fire attribute is too strong with just my magic, but if I can borrow the powers of lesser spirits, then I can use other magical powers too. How’s that sound?]
[Roswaal: Of course, it won’t just be him. I also felt like making the request to Emilia-sama, so there shouldn’t be a problem if she feels like doing it. Hooowever, I think there will be extreme trouble at first with stabilizing the magical power. For assistance with that, please ask Beatrice for help.]
[Subaru: Beako?]
[Roswaal: Beatrice is reeeaally excellent with magical power theories and using them. Right now she is connected with Subaru-kun, so I feel like it’s some really wasted talent, but things are working out by using the lacking magical power, right? In regards to that knowledge, I would like you to refer yourself to Emilia-sama for that.]
[Subaru: Don’t call it lacking magic. But, I understand.]
There wasn’t any problem if Ram’s burden would become lighter through Emilia and Beatrice’s cooperation.
Subaru started to understand, but right after he nodded, he cocked his head in puzzlement.
[Subaru: No wait. If that’s the case, then why are you telling me instead of directly saying it to Beatrice. I mean, I want to listen too, but it would be logical to tell this to Beako.]
[Roswaal: Because if I talk to Beatrice, obvioouusly she will say it’s meaningless and will refuse. Beatrice is more stingy with me than you think. Perhaps you could be a bit mooore lenient with your criticism towards me.]
[Subaru: Ah, not happening. If I had to say which side I’m on, I would say that I’m completely on Beatrice’s side, after all.]
He declined Roswaal’s request with ease, who had a pathetic look on his face.
Things were done and that fact couldn’t be changed. It wasn’t a ditch where they were buried over about a year. The times weren’t so nice that he’d simply open his heart with someone who he may have been killed by, had the events been a bit different.
[Subaru: Now that I think about it, isn’t it a bit troubling how I am doing things with people who’ve killed me and people who’ve beaten me up…….?]
[Emilia: Ah, Subaru. You look like you’re getting carried away with yourself.]
[Subaru: Do i really look like that sometimes!?]
Anyhow, he accepted Roswaal’s request.
Emilia and Beatrice would handle Ram. Emilia was motivated to do it, so there shouldn’t be any problem if Subaru talked to Beatrice later.
[Roswaal: I’m counting on you, Subaru-kun.]
[Subaru: Huh, that was really praising of you. You rarely ever say things like that.]
[Roswaal: You are becoming admirable. ――This is the first time I’ve said to keep Ram away from my side, after all.]
[――――]
That was the only thing he said that didn’t give off a joking feeling. Roswaal said that with a serious voice.
When he looked away from Subaru’s face, he looked up at the blue sky.
[Roswaal: Ram and I should have no memory of the younger sister. But, she reeeeally does have something that impresses me. Seeing Ram emotionally going against my opinion like that terrifies me. ――So, I want to ask you guys to talk to her.]
[Subaru: …..Yeah, I’ll remember that.]
Ram still devoted herself to Roswaal after the incident at “Sanctuary”.
Even when Roswaal said that anything and everything came second after the one and only thing that was important, Ram still had an opinion, as someone who went to such lengths to devote herself.
if you could call that a change, then by no means was it a bad one.
Or at least, it was far better being human and worrying with unmanageable emotions than it was burdening friends as an incomprehensible monster.
[Roswaal: ――Seems like it’s time.]
Before he could speak, Roswaal turned around.
The mansion’s door opens behind him, and four girls appeared on the other side. All of them were the Roswaal residence’s maids. Seeing them all together was a pretty magnificent view.
That being said, one of the girls was sleeping, and another girl, who looked extremely similar to the sleeping one, had an appearance to prepare for the journey, so their beauty was slightly lacking.
[Frederica: Roswaal-sama, the preparations for the two are set.]
[Roswaal: I appreciate your efforts. ――Ram, be careful on the trip.]
Roswaal responds to Frederica, who gave her report very quietly, and called out to Ram, who was equipped for the journey. When Ram heard that, she pinched the edge of her skirt and bowed politely.
[Ram: Roswaal-sama, thank you for granting my selfish request. I will definitely bring back results to show my respect.]
[Roswaal: I’ll be looking forward to it. Although, make sure you don’t do anything unreasonaaable. Also, make sure Emilia-sama and Subaru-kun don’t do anything unreasonable either. That is also part of your role too, after aaaall.]
[Ram: I am fully aware of that.]
He wanted to give a retort like “I don’t want to hear that coming from you!”, but Ram’s look made him silent. Subaru gave in to that look, and looked at the short figure next to Ram.
Rem was there. She was in clothes suitable for the trip, and was now being carried by Petra’s wheel chair――she was on something Subaru reproduced from his original world through his memory.
A model of the wheelchair had already existed in this world, but it had quite the amount of work put into the remodeling; it had a caster like front wheel that wouldn’t be a hindrance when changing directions, along with a scaffold and a seat. Of course, a seat belt and a cushion to protect her head were implemented as well.
It was a one of a kind wheelchair that Subaru insisted on making to Roswaal, and he made it with his own money.
[Subaru: I’m worried about the maintenance when we get far, but…..]
[Frederica: Subaru-sama is a little handy, and the materials are what they are, so I think it could handle being used for two months. Of course, please don’t do anything unreasonable.]
[Petra: Please be careful, Subaru……..-sama.]
He receives Frederica’s consent, and is entrusted the wheelchair’s handle from Petra. He accepts it, and when he went behind Rem, he felt a lot more ease this way compared to carrying her and going forward.
This was because the road was pavement, and so it wouldn’t be effective in the desert, on grass, or on gravel.
[Subaru: OK, looks like it’ll work. Petra, Frederica, you guys take care too.]
[Frederica: Please leave Roswaal-sama up to us.]
[Petra: We’ll be taking care of Otto-san and Garfiel-san too.]
Petra and Frederica respond to Subaru as they nod at him while he moved the wheelchair.
Even if the trip took two months, Otto and the others at Priestella would probably be healed and they should come back to the Roswaal residence.
He left that up to the maids, who would take care of stuff while they were gone. Subaru pushed the wheelchair and turned towards the dragon carriage.
[Subaru: Alright then, it’s regretful, but I guess we should depart now.]
[Ram: Why do I have to be bossed around by Barusu? Don’t get so full of yourself.]
[Subaru: I’m not bossing you around, though. How about you take over then?]
[Ram: Do I look that shameless to you? I’d appreciate it if you wouldn’t make me behave like that, as a maid who needs to be graceful and considerate.]
[Subaru: What is up with you? Are you at that age where you can do nothing but complain?]
[Ram: That’s not really it. It’s just that…]
Ram cuts off her sentence, and gives a meaningful look at Subaru’s hand. As of right now, Subaru was pushing Rem’s wheelchair.
Subaru guessed the meaning of that look, and he let out a deep sigh.
[Subaru: If you want to change places, then just say so…….]
[Ram: If you think about why I’m coming and my purpose, then letting me handle her is a given. ……As for guessing what I wanted without me putting it into words, I guess I can see you in a better light. Just a little.]
When Subaru reluctantly gave up his position, Ram took his place and pushed the wheelchair. She showed care for her sleeping sister sitting on the wheelchair as it slowly headed to the dragon carriage and went forward.
Subaru opened and closed his hand for no reason as he saw them off. Then, a small hand gently grabbed his hand from the side.
[Subaru: Oh, it’s Beako.]
[Beatrice: You don’t have to make a pathetic look like that. It’s not like your feelings for that girl are weaker than the feelings her sister has, so you don’t have to worry, I suppose. Just be yourself, and do what you can do, I suppose.]
[Subaru: That’s not quite…….or well, that’s how it is?]
It wasn’t as if he felt like his role was taken away from him, but looking from the outside, perhaps the look on his face indicated that he didn’t understand it that way.
Subaru touches his cheek with the hand that wasn’t occupied, pulls on it, and pinches it. Then, this time his hand was taken by a different white hand.
[Emilia: Yeah yeah, I’ll take that hand.]
[Subaru: Ohfu, Emilia-tan……]
[Beatrice: After that girl wakes up, it’ll be easy for both of your hands to get occupied. I’m interested in seeing what Subaru will do about that.]
[Emilia: Ah, I might be interested in that too.]
Subaru gets caught in between Emilia and Beatrice, and he makes gives a troubled look. However, he was only returned with a serious look and an anticipating look.
To make matters worse, Petra’s look was piercing him from behind, and Ram was even throwing him a cold, scornful look in front of the dragon carriage as she turned around.
He was being unbelievably surrounded on all sides――then, Julius let’s out a “Hmm”, as he saw that and gave a nod. In response to that desiring reaction, Subaru gave a grand smile.
[Subaru: What is it? If you want to say something, say it. Alright, go ahead!]
[Julius: Really? Alright then, I’ll just say one thing. ――You really could not be more blessed, being surrounded by beautiful girls like that. I can’t help feeling a lot of doubt about whether or not you’re satisfying all of those flowers with your hands.]
[Subaru: What is this? I’m starting to get blamed!? Did I do something wrong!?]
Julius shrugged his shoulders with a shocked face. The pathetic shout Subaru gave him went up into the sky.
Unfortunate for him, there was no domestic officials or top officers at this place to follow up on his statement.
Subaru had no choice but to fight alone in this upcoming two month journey.
He understood that reality. He felt the trust and the deep affection he had towards the warmth he felt from his hands fill up his chest. He felt anxiety in his chest about not falling behind. That was the type of morning it was when they’d depart.
Advertisement


Chapter 6
The journey started with a morning filled of unease, and the journey was long precisely because of how much distance was traveled in close to one month. However, no significant accidents happened along the way.
They went straight along the main road towards east. It was a boring journey where nothing happened.
[Subaru: It was like that with the round trip to Priestella, and it was like that with Lyfus plain……but the peace of the Lugnica kingdom along the way is pretty nice.]
[Julius: The patrolling to maintain the main road and to maintain public order is essential to protect the kingdom’s peace. Lugnica is particularly thorough with things like that, even when compared to other countries. They should have low rates of damage from groups of bandits and mabeasts.]
[Subaru: Are you saying other countries aren’t like that?]
[Julius: The Gusteko kingdom isn’t able maintain their main road smoothly in the first place with how it’s always covered in snow. It’s deep in the snow that was there from the start. As for the Volcanica kingdom and the Kararagi city-state, there are people with different manners and customs in proportion to the many races jumbled together. In that sense, it may be hard to say that public order is kept there.]
[Subaru: I see.]
The two earth dragons’ heads were lined up, and they were running energetically as Subaru and Julius had a conversation.
Subaru’s Patrasche and Julius’ equestrian dragon were leading them ahead and were pulling the large dragon carriage with their heads.
Everyone in the dragon carriage would be late to react to the occasion of emergencies. That was the lineup they had, but as you could see from the conversation they were having out of boredom, the journey was peaceful.
[Subaru: Ahh…….]
[Julius: Subaru]
On top of the journey being boring, once he saw how the scenery wasn’t changing, he started to yawn. Subaru put his hand on his mouth and became full of drowsiness, as Julius gave him a blaming look.
He had his body on his loving dragon. He quickly lifts his bangs that were kept from swaying through “Windbreak divine protection”.
[Julius: I understand that you want to get rid of this feeling of tension, but the moments you loosen your stiffness are the most dangerous ones. I won’t say that you’re letting your mind wander off, but I won’t allow you to act in a way that anyone would perceive as lazy.]
[Subaru: Just how much are you gonna say just because of one yawn? Even you at least yawn too. Right?]
[Julius: Of course I have those kind of bodily functions. But, if you have the self-consciousness of a knight, then it’s possible to hold it in when in front of other people, you know? That what you’re still missing.]
[Subaru: Yeah yeah.]
He was pressing for a reaction with piercingly sarcastic force, but Subaru was already becoming a master of parrying it. It was already nearing 20 days in this journey where he was accompanied by Julius. Making the earth dragons that were always side by side run from Priestella to the mansion, and now the Augria Sand Dunes, would allow him to learn to deal with Julius.
[Julius: I thought it was a part of manners to look at the person you’re talking with when having a serious conversation?]
[Subaru: The person is looking away during the serious conversation because of the timing. You should take it easy too. You’re straining yourself too much.]
[Julius: You and I aren’t watching out, and why……]
[Subaru: You don’t have to tense up that much. They won’t attack us so quickly. If they try to fight us, we won’t get killed at such a spacious place.]
[――――]
Subaru interrupts him, and says that as he cracks his head. Julius blinks his eyes, as if Subaru had said something unexpected.
After that, this handsome man let out a small sigh.
[Julius: Is it clear that I’m flustered right now in your eyes?]
[Subaru: Yeah, I have a feeling it’s a shot in the dark, though. But, I feel like everyone thinks you’re straining yourself. More than usu…actually, you might just be acting like your usual self……..]
[Julius: As of right now, you’re the only one who knows that it’s just me being my usual self, after all.]
[Subaru: …….Yeah.]
When Julius’ lowered his tone, Subaru also naturally dropped his.
They couldn’t hear the girls’ conversations in the back in the dragon carriage, so the girls shouldn’t be able to hear their conversations either.
They were bros, and they had various complications in their positions, but as of right now, they were working together.
Perhaps this was the time when he should speak a little more frankly.
[Subaru: It’s been talked about with Roswaal before, but how are your quasi spirits?]
[Julius: It’s just like I said before. The buds are gathered around me, but they wont rest their feathers on the arm I hold out as a perch. It seems my words won’t reach them either.]
Julius raises his arm in response to Subaru’s question, and he reveals the quasi spirits.
The six quasi spirits shining faintly still had been floating around Julius, who made the earth dragon run. However, they flickered on his held out hand as if in confusion, in attempts to go away.
He thinks, “I see, it really does seem like Julius has lost his contract with his quasi spirits.”
[Subaru: Can you not re-contract them? You’re attracting them somehow, so doesn’t that mean your divine protection is working?]
[Julius: It seems like “Divine Protection of Gathering Spirits” is still going strong. And on the contrary, that’s involved in the mysteriousness of their recognition. It’s like having certain large, incomprehensible, unmanageable emotions.]
[Subaru: Not sure if I should say it like this, but how about taking measures through other spirits?]
[Julius: I would have considered that idea if I was a spirit user that could borrow the powers of lesser spirits that go everywhere like Emilia-sama…….but I can’t bring out the spirits’ powers perfectly that way. I needed a few years to bind with the quasi spirit buds too, after all.]
[Subaru: …….Well, it is true that Emilia-tan can’t bring out Puck’s average power from other spirits too. I guess becoming partners with a spirit is a special thing after all.]
[Julius: Emilia and the great spirit. And like you and Beatrice-sama.]
It was rough. Subaru couldn’t say something like “Go find the next spirits” right away as someone who was a spirit user like him. It would be like asking him if he’d let go of Beatrice after bonds were cut off. Of course, he would raise his middle finger and refuse as a response.
As for Julius, his relationship with the six quasi spirits were the exact same thing.
[Julius: Therefore, as of right now, I can only use sword techniques to fulfill my duties as a knight. Of course, I don’t think the sword is inferior to using spirits, but it’s true that my abilities make it insufficient.]
[Subaru: This is also a journey to get that back, and you saying that with your sword skills is mere sarcasm. And if you’re fighting me, it’s even more sarcastic.]
Julius was talking about his damaged, insufficient ability with spirit techniques.
Subaru surely did become exhausted from that strength a year ago at the capital’s parade grounds. Subaru did become better compared to back then, but he didn’t feel like the difference was covered.
From Julius’ point of view, fighting Subaru at that time was like taking candy from a baby. It was like he was fighting a 5 year old Subaru. That was just about how different their levels of strength were.
[Subaru: Reinhard is also like that. You guys have a bad habit of underestimating yourselves, huh. Trying to be too humble will turn into arrogance! I think those type of words are used everywhere.]
[Julius: I wanna return the same phrase to you, but hmm. Forgetting about you and I, Renhard isn’t being humble or underestimating of himself. Most likely.]
[Subaru: Not being humble or underestimating…….?]
At the same time, he imagined him as the redhead hero, but he puzzled his head at the difference in recognition.
He never thought that he’d run into differing opinions on Reinhard, because from anyone’s perspective, he was the strongest, completely peerless superman.
In response to Subaru’s doubt, Julius said “Nope” and shook his head.
[Julius: In regards to Reinhard’s true strength, you and I both have the same high evaluation for it. Most likely, everyone he knows shares the same sentiment. They all think that he’s reached the end of humanity, or that perhaps he’s transcended it.]
[Subaru: It’s amazing how that isn’t an overstatement.]
[Julius: He himself is fully aware of how it’s not his true strength. I first met him when I was around 10 years old……..but it’s never changed.]
[Subaru: Ever since you met him when you were 10? Seriously?]
Subaru becomes astonished at Julius’ recollections while he gripped onto Patrache’s bridle.
Just when did Reinhardt become the person who he is now? He thought it was quite the philosophical question, but at the very least, it seemed that the version of himself from close to 10 years ago had been completed.
Which meant that he carried a very heroic fate on his shoulders.
[Subaru: Reinhard has been a “sword saint” since then?]
[Julius: He was still 5 years old when he succeeded the “Sword Saint’s Divine Protection”. The previous “Sword Saints” was Thearesia van Astrea-sama……she died in the great conquest 15 years ago and the divine protection was transferred through Reinhard’s grandmother.]
[Subaru: That’s…how it was, huh.]
She died after fighting with the white whale and still continued to be the “Sword Saint”, humiliated after death.
She was Reinhard’s grandmother, Wilhelm’s wife, and this time her spirit went back to the heavens.
But 15 years ago, the divine protection was inherited inside of Reinhard.
[Subaru: How does he feel…]
[Julius: Hm?]
[Subaru He took over his grandmother’s divine protection ever since he was five, and to make matters worse, he’s succeeded hero’s blood, right? I can’t imagine how he feels.]
――Subaru somewhat understood the weight of having parents’ expectations.
Subaru knew the pain of being crushed by the weight of the expectations people had around him.
Of course, the weight and the responsibilities Subaru and Reinhard carried were extremely different, so comparing himself to him may have been rude in itself.
[Subaru: I really am strong. I’m so strong that I don’t have nights where I wish to have an excessive amount of strength, only having sad thoughts about how I’m weak and am not good enough.]
[Julius: I feel like that’s pretty groundless.]
[Subaru: Shut up.]
Subaru gets made fun of in the middle of his important talk and he clicks his tongue.
[Subaru: Anyways, I personally feel the worries of the other extreme. I don’t think Reinhard is the same as he was when he was 5, but I do wonder how he felt.]
[Julius: As you’d expect, I also don’t know what he felt back in those days. But…]
That was the one time when Julius lifed his face as he cut off his words.
Julius grips tightly onto the bridle, looking in front of him, and squinted at the sunlight he bathed in.
[Julius: ――The time I saw Reinhard was the big turning point for me.]
You could even somehow hear the triumph in those words.
Julius was squinting from the sunlight, but perhaps he may have not been squinting because of the sun.
Perhaps he looked at Reinhard at that time with the same type of eyes.
[Subaru: Which means that you and Reinhard have known each other for about 10 years, I guess. I do think that barely satisfies the requirements for you guys to be childhood friends, but is that right?]
[Julius: No? Yes that was when I became aware of Reinhard, but he found out about me long after……he’s known me since I was appointed as an imperial knight. That happened when I was 16, so I’ve known him personally for six years.]
[Subaru: …….That’s a very big empty period of time, isn’t it?]
[Julius: At that time, I had no capabilities that he had, as he took over the title of the “Sword Saint”. He made me realize that to the point of it being painful, and that was my beginning.]
Julius said his words quietly, while his tone of voice was passionate on the contrary.
In response to the distant look he had in his yellow eyes, Subaru nodded at that one word: “beginning”.
On top of those obscure words, that day was probably vivid within Julius.
If that was Julius’ beginning, then it was a given for it to be clear in his memory.
Subaru’s own memory of his own beginning was hot in his chest, scorching his soul.
The time he was saved by Emilia in a different world, the time Rem supported his broken back, the time when he took Beatrice’s hand in a fire, all of those times were the “beginning” to Subaru.
[Subaru: When you say it started from there, does that mean you were surprisingly naughty as a kid? Like a profligate noble or a profligate son.]
He goes against the flow of his self-inserting feelings and said that with an intentionally teasing voice.
There’s no way he believed that it was limited to just Julius, but he really did think that he was a young gaudy noble when he first met him. And if it were to be a story, the type of haughty life this young noble lived in his boyhood seemed to be clear.
Subaru put in those feelings, and changed the topic to change the flow of the conversation, which makes Julius suddenly loosen his lips as he says
[Julius: I’d like you to change the way you express it. Just a little……but there are parts that I can’t deny.]
[Subaru: Seriously!? You really were a gaudy noble!? Did you kick commoners from the top of a horse, and did you persistently pressure servants by bullying them!?]
[Julius: I can’t help but wonder why you started to be that gleeful.]
Julius gave a cold look at Subaru, who got excited. After that, Julius peeked at the back.
He wasn’t only interested in the dragon carriage, but the girls in it as well. Of course, he didn’t have to go through lengths to confirm that he couldn’t hear their conversations, but it was a matter of him feeling like doing it.
[Julius: How much do you know about my lineage?]
[Subaru: Nothing.]
[Julius: You answered so immediately that it seems you felt good about it.]
He really did have zero background knowledge.
Subaru dexterously threw out his chest on top of the dragon, and Julius smiles wryly at him. After that, he felt his knight sword on his waist. Perhaps it was handed down through Julius’ family. From his face, you could see that he had hesitation about whether he had the qualifications to wield it himself at this time.
[Julius: ――I am not the original eldest son of the Juukulius family.]
[――――]
[Julius: To put it more accurately, I should say that I am not the official eldest son. Alviero Juukulius is the real head of the Juukulius’ family. Klein Juulius was his younger brother, which makes him my father, although he’s already passed away, and the son-in law is the head of the family.]
Subaru did not respond to the words that were more surprising than he expected.
It was difficult to say how much the structure of this world’s noble society meshed with Subaru’s knowledge of the society he knew, but Julius’ position definitely was complicated.
Also, in that case, then how’s the position of his younger brother, Joshua Julius’? He missed his older brother Julius, and as of now, that boy was lost from the memories of the world.
[Julius: I don’t know what relationship the actual me has with Joshua, who is left at Priestella. Just from him not being left in me, perhaps he is a younger brother that has succeeded the blood of my real father, Klein Juukulius. Or maybe he really is a legitimate child that succeeded the blood of my foster father, Albert Juukulius.]
[Subaru: ……..What if it’s different?]
[Julius: “Siblings” is only a figure of speech, so perhaps our relationship would essentially be cousins. In that case, Joshua Juukulius would most likely become the head of the Juukulius family.]
[――――]
Julius said that calmly, and just from that, it thrusts at him as the truth.
At this point, Julius himself didn’t understand the complexity of this way of speaking, even though he really was the one with the position. If Julius and Joshua were real siblings, then Julius would be the one to succeed the Juukulius family. However, if Julius was not Joshua’s real brother, then it would be correct to say that Joshua would be the successor of the Juukulius family.
And then Julius did not know how to confirm that; Joshua’s existence was taken away from the world, and Julius had lost his memories of his brother and he did not know where he was.
[Julius: It was something unavoidable, but when I think about that, it makes my position very complicated. Not knowing about your own tomorrow isn’t very appealing, although as of now, I should worry more about myself staggering than I should about the future of the Juukulius family.]
[――――]
Julius said that in a seemingly joking way, perhaps because Subaru received a surprising shock.
Subaru’s mouth was dry. He grinds his teeth while feeling irritation in his stomach. He was ridiculously worried about Julius with how he was right now.
[Julius: Since I had that type of history, I was unsteady back in those days. My foster father lead me up to the royal castle, and that’s when I showed the poor etiquette I was taught and I sought to go home. That’s when I saw Reinhard, who was still eight years old. ――That’s all there is to it.]
Julius chose to end the conversation in a bit of a forcing way.
He didn’t have the courage to give a retort or give some sort of clever remark. He saw Julius look ahead in a lonesome way, and he stopped biting his molars.
And then, what came out right away was a question.
[Subaru: Why’d you suddenly feel like telling that to me?]
[Julius: I did feel like you were the one that was listening to me. Perhaps I was mistaken?]
[Subaru: No, that’s true and all…….that’s my bad, but that not what I’m getting at. Isn’t it weird for you to have this kind of talk with me?]
[Julius: No it isn’t. That stuff was common knowledge for Reinhard and Ferris…people among the imperial knights. Of course, Anastasia-sama also knows too. It’s not anything special.]
[――――]
Subaru did not understand one bit, as his face turned into a frown.
Even if he said that everyone knew about it, that didn’t mean it was something he could spread around. As expected, he felt like they seemed to be unnatural words.
Perhaps Julius understood Subaru’s discontent from his frown.
He pulls onto the bridle, and quickens the love dragon’s pace just a bit.
[Julius: Yes, it’s something that everyone knows. ――So that’s why I might’ve wanted you to know about it now. I might’ve wanted you to know, the person who knows me the most in this world right now.]
The blue earth dragon accelerates while swinging its tail, and Julius’ expression could no longer be seen.
That being said, he wasn’t going so fast that he’d leave him behind. It was a way of him being as smug as usual by simply declaring to end the conversation.
[――――]
[Subaru: Hm, it’s fine. Thanks for taking care of me, Patrasche.]
The running jet black earth dragon lifts her head, and peeks at Subaru. In response to her gesture of saying “Shall we rival the earth dragon ahead?”, Subaru showed his thanks and petted the head of that lady.
[Subaru: …….That was uncharacteristic of me.]
He poured out those small, perverse words from his mouth.
Was he becoming weak? Or perhaps, was he putting on airs as a protagonist of a tragedy?
As a matter of fact, “irritating” was the only way to express his feelings.
[Subaru: Ahh, dammit. What am I, an idiot? No, I am an idiot……]
Subaru scratches his head, and he released his irritation only from his mouth.
In the end, he had no precise response to what Julius said this time.
And he would have no precise response until they were before the Augria Sand Dunes.
An answer wouldn’t come even when the party arrived at the “Milura” town that was near the sand dunes.


Chapter 7
The town nearest to the Augria Sand Dunes truly was a deserted inn town.
The town had a suitable structure, but of course, it was considerably smaller than places like Watergate City Priestella, Industrial City Costool, and the Lugnica kingdom.
The kingdom had maintenance everywhere for the main roads laid out inside. The dragon carriage had a steady trip on the way to Milra, but that final destination of the east end was as lacking as it could’ve been.
[Emilia: But perhaps that just can’t be helped. Looking at a map, from here on there’s only the Augria Sand Dunes towards east………and there’s the kingdom’s biggest forest towards south, right? We’re far away from the five cities, and we also know that there isn’t much pedestrian traffic.]
Emilia lets out that impression while looking around the town, walking besides Subaru.
She had a white robe that covered her head. Her beautiful silver hair and looks were slightly concealed. A beautiful girl like Emilia appearing at a rural area would strike the townspeople’s sense of beauty――that was Subaru joking, but she did also have a high class position. This is why she showed slight consideration not just for her appearance, but for avoiding the trouble involved with her lineage as well.
That being said, those weren’t the only reasons as to why her head and her mouth were concealed.
The other reason to conceal oneself was because of the special “disastrous” effect of the sand wind.
[Subaru: It cant expand east or south, and on top of that, this sand breeze is guaranteed. That’s rough.]
Emilia stood at the downwind, and Subaru also pulls up the cloth he had worn on his face, who stood at the upwind side to act as slight resistance to the wind as he murmured those words while hiding his face. When he moved his tongue, he felt sand rubbing between his teeth, and it made him feel quite sick.
This sandy wind came flowing into the town as if it was blowing down from the eastern sand dunes.
It seemed that the sand wind would blow against the town continuously on days of strong wind. It was imperative to have fashion defensive to sand like this to walk around the town.
[Emilia: ――? Subaru, what’s wrong?]
[Subaru: It’s nothing. I was just thinking about how this turned out different than what I imagined when I heard that it was a desert.]
Emilia tilted her head at Subaru as he looked at himself with a side glance.
Her bare body was concealed to the utmost limit, as she had her body covered from head to toe in a cloak. Subaru’s idea was basically that beautiful girls should please the eyes of people around them with various outfits. However, they couldn’t be eye candy with outfits of defense this high.
Speaking of the desert, he’d think of a dancer-like outfit to protect against the sunlight――what was it called?
[Subaru: Nevertheless, perhaps we should’ve listened to the innkeeper’s advice.]
[Emilia: It’s “sand time” right now, right? There’s no one on the road, after all.]
The wind wasn’t very strong, but the sand was turning into small dust, perhaps because it was light. In this yellow, hazy field of vision, nobody besides Subaru and Emilia could be seen on the road of the overlooking town.
The townspeople used to this environment shut themselves inside during the “sand time” when the sand wind would blow, and they the buildings would even have their windows and doors closed.
In truth, the type of view they had within the sand wind was a given, and it also took a lot of effort to breathe. It was so bad that the innkeeper stopped them and said that they shouldn’t go out during “sand time”.
However, there was a reason why they disregarded the innkeeper that stopped them and went outside.
[Subaru: This is how it is in the town. The sand wind at the sand dunes isn’t like this, right?]
[Emilia: …….No, don’t think so.]
It wasn’t a dry run, but they purposely went out during “sand time” in order to prepare themselves mentally.
The circumstances of the path of the sand dunes, which had sand wind blowing and had sand at every direction, also weren’t this bad outside of “sand time”. They were distant from the sand dunes, and they couldn’t see well in this town with compact buildings.
They had to prepare themselves at once for the severeness of the sand dunes’ path.
[Emilia: Anyways, how about we enter a shop somewhere? Since we’ll turn into blocks of sand at this rate.]
What Emilia pointed towards to while swiping away the dust the sand that followed her was the building at the other side of the road. The place that appeared to be a bar or something seemed to be a temporary refuge shelter.
It felt like the other stores were uninviting, but the entrance was open at least.
They hurried over to that building just like Emilia suggested.
They removed as much dirt as they could from the door, and after that, they slowly entered the bar.
[Shopkeeper: ……Welcome, in the sand wind.]
When they entered the bar, the shopkeeper at the other side of the counter polishing a glass looked at them and greeted them with a low voice. He sounded unwelcoming with his low voice probably because with a single glance he noticed that Subaru and Emilia were smeared with sand.
They did remove as much sand off themselves as they could, but there was still a huge amount of it sticking onto them. They scattered the sand and set foot into the store, although they did feel bad about it.
[Shopkeeper: What would you like to order?]
[Subaru: Cold milk.]
[Emilia: Hot milk.]
[――――]
In response to the two people who sat down at the counter and said their orders, the shopkeeper squinted his eyes and didn’t say anything.
Incidentally, Subaru ordered cold milk, while Emilia ordered hot milk.
[Subaru: Doesn’t feel very prospering……is business terrible during the sand time?]
Subaru takes off the hood he covered himself with, and he asks the shopkeeper that question while tasting the milk he was brought. The unsociable shopkeeper responds with an “Aahhh” and says
[Shopkeeper: Even at the best of times, the traffic of people is low for this town. Running a shop during sunrise is just like a hobby.]
[Subaru: I see. Then as outsiders and customers we must be regulars eh.]
[Shopkeeper: Not sure about that, even if you drink milk at the bar and appear to be regulars. Here, this is yours, Miss.]
[Emilia: Wow, thanks.]
The shopkeeper holds out the hot milk to her. Emilia grabs onto the ceramic and takes a breath. The girl blowing on the milk sees Subaru bending forward onto the counter.
[Subaru: There’s no other customers, so you have a little free time now right? Mind hearing me out for a bit?]
[Shopkeeper: Even if I did, it’s taboo to start talking to someone in the middle of working while, saying that they have time. ……..What would you outsiders like to know?]
[Subaru: Frankly speaking, I’d like to know about the Augria Sand Dunes.]
Subaru raises his finger and confronts him with the details of his question. Once he did, the shopkeeper that heard it had his expression break down for the first time.
The calm shopkeeper with short gray hair squinted his eyes dubiously under his dark eyebrows. After that, he compared Subaru and Emilia and let out a slight sigh.
[Shopkeeper: I don’t know what kind of joke this is, but don’t bother going if you’re gonna treat it like a picnic. You’ll just end up dying.]
[Subaru: Hey hey, what are you saying? Do we really look like we’re fooling around to you?]
[Shopkeeper: What else did my warning just now seem to you? That place is a sand sea of death where everyone who goes never comes back and dies. It’s not a place to have a date with a woman.]
[Subaru: I certainly do think that the suspension bridge effect is a valid approach, but I’m not that cornered. Emilia-tan, you tell him too.]
[Emilia: blow blow, Hot……eh? What was that? Sorry, I wasn’t listening.]
[Subaru: Behold: the ways of E・M・T.]
[Shopkeeper: I’m gonna give you some useful advice. Go home before you die.]
The shopkeeper looks at Subaru and Emilia’s interactions, and the faith he had in them got worse and worse.
That being said, it wasn’t like the shopkeeper was saying this out of spite. He actually did know about the danger of the Augra Sand Dunes from its reputation. However――
[Subaru: We don’t have the option to leave. We only have the path to move forward. On top of that, the only thing we can do is pick the safest path possible. You understand, right?]
[Shopkeeper: You’re the ones who don’t understand. Listen up. Those sand dunes are hopeless. The witch’s miasma drifts about in the mabeast den, and you can’t get close to the farsighted tower.]
The shopkeeper started to talk about the threats of the Sand Dunes while being irritated by Subaru’s persistent behavior. He points at the window that was closed to prevent sand from coming in and curled his lips as he pointed towards the east side of the town.
[Shopkeeper: Every year there are people like you guys who recklessly try to go to the sand dunes. They aim for the sage’s tower at the sand sea………but no one has reached it. Nothing would be better than them coming back alive, but the majority either completely dry up at the sand sea, or they become mabeast food.]
[Subaru: Has no one really reached it before?]
[Shopkeeper: I believe the tower at the sand sea was built hundreds of years ago. The number of idiots that have tried to go there hasn’t decreased. If a person did reach it there’s no way he/she wouldn’t have introduced themselves. Don’t you know? That one guy would end up achieving failure even as a “Sword Saint”.]
[――――]
Conquering the Pleiades watchtower was a failed challenge even for Reinhard.
He’s been told about it from Reinhard himself, and he’s also talked about the abnormally high difficulty of conquering the watchtower.
But even then, the people who had to overcome it were Subaru’s current group.
[Subaru: Of course, we won’t do something stupid like tackling it without any plans. That’s why we’re gathering information. Doing that in a bar is a basic step, don’t you think?]
[Shopkeeper: Is it really? Why do it at a place where you drink sake?]
[Subaru: If you ask me to explain in detail, I probably can’t, but isn’t it because everyone will get talkative after drinking alcohol, and then they’ll end up pouring out various rumors?]
[Shopkeeper: So basically idle gossip. It is unacceptable to go in there without any plans, but leaning towards inane plans is bad too.]
[Subaru: Guehh! Your reasoning is piercing!]
Subaru gets knocked down head on by reason and sinks instantly as he drinks his milk.
Usually whenever Subaru talked with proper adults, the pace would be overwhelming for him. The shopkeeper also was used to talking with people that would challenge the sand dunes recklessly. In reality, it wasn’t as if Subaru’s challenging of the sand dunes was reckless, but the shopkeeper he was facing that didn’t know more than the reality treated him the same way as everyone else.
At this rate they would end up returning without gaining a single clue and――
[Shopkeeper: Anyways, for you to even bring a girl to a hell like that is…….]
[Emilia: I’m sorry Mr. Shopkeeper. You’ve been showing care for us, and yet Subaru is doing nothing but complaining.]
Just when Subaru was about to give in to the stalemate, Emilia stopped the shopkeeper that started to preach. The shopkeeper widens his eyes at Emilia’s words that started with an apology.
Emilia quickly bowed her head upon seeing the shopkeeper’s reaction.
[Emilia: Thank you for all the help you’ve given even though we aren’t even acquaintances.]
[Shopkeeper: I’m sorry too for nagging. However, I still stand firm with my points. I come across youngsters like you constantly.]
[Emilia: Are there really that many people that have tried to see the “Sage”?]
[Shopkeeper: Well, there’s really not that many people that have strong spirit to meet the “Sage”. The majority of people trying to conquer the Augria Sand Dunes want to be honored. Sure there are people who say they’ll obtain wisdom from the sage given that things go well, but saying that they’ll get a reward by reaching the tower is also deceit.]
The shopkeeper dropped his shoulders and sighed with what you could call a fed up look.
Just like he said, he’s probably seen off many people that were challenging the Priestella watchtower. Perhaps he looked kind-hearted even with how his face looked. It seemed like he could feel shame.
[Emilia: Does that also mean that people haven’t seen the “sage”……..?]
[Shopkeeper: Never heard of anyone getting that far. According to rumors, the sage is still looking overlooking from the top of the tower and she punishes insolent people……..but it’s not like I’ve witnessed it. I can’t help thinking that the sand dunes themselves are a trap for hunting prey and hang bait.]
[Emilia: You mentioned the witch’s miasma. What is that?]
[Shopkeeper: It’s the same thing as I said. A mabeast den is ahead…….In the kingdom, there are multifarious mabeast races at various places. But, at those sand dunes, there are all kinds of cases]
The shopkeeper quietened his voice, but he was making rhymes, perhaps getting carried away with the fun.
When Emilia gulped, the shopkeeper looked into the distance.
[Shopkeeper: Speckled king dogs and black wing cats have a cute side. The endemic one horned mabeasts and the sand earth worms are beasts that are only seen here. Also, if there’s a flower garden on the sandy soil, that’s the oiran bear’s hunting place.]
[Emilia: Oiran bears…..]
[Shopkeeper: It actually seems that they’re only found at Kararagi. They’re mabeasts that have bloomed flowers all throughout their body. Once you get fooled by their appearance and you get near them, they’ll slurp on your guts.]
[Subaru: Mabeasts sure are……nasty………]
Who was it that told him about mabeasts whose purpose was to kill humans?
The shopkeeper snorted his nose at him as if saying “Told you so”, as Subaru frowned while listening attentively.
[Shopkeeper: But the danger you have to watch out for the most, even more than the mabeasts, is the miasma. Yes there are dangers like the sand wind and environmental changes, but your biggest concern should be the miasma.]
[Subaru: That miasma isn’t something you recognize intuitively, eh.]
Subaru puzzled at the shopkeeper who lost his voice again.
Subaru heard the word miasma many times before, and he could even imagine what it was like based off the impression the word gave off. Basically it had bad effects on the body and your mind, and it evidently seemed to be bad air for the body.
He felt like it was different from a noxious gas, but perhaps it was something close to it.
[Emilia: Ummm, Subaru. If described, a miasma would be called mana that is polluted by bad things. You can’t see it with your eyes, but it’s something that’s everywhere, don’t you know?]
[Subaru: Eh…so mana is miasma?]
Emilia’s points surprised Subaru. The explanation was easy to understand, but the implications were a bit different from what Subaru had imagined.
Mana truly did have an extremely big amount of influential power for magic users and spirits. However, if they just lived their lives and simply used equestrian dragons to move, then mana wasn’t really a big deal.
But, Emilia slowly shook her head as if she had predicted Subaru’s disappointed spirit.
[Emilia: You can’t take miasma lightly. Normal mana is something that’s pure, has no color and no directivity. But miasma…….just from taking in the the mana polluted by bad things via gate, it corrupts creatures inside. Considering how gate is an organ that naturally takes in mana, that’s something that can’t be avoided.]
[Subaru: Can’t have your breathing permanently stop, after all.]
[Shopkeeper: The lady’s interpretation is correct, but the miasma drifting about at the sand dunes is even worse. ――The miasma over there even ruins food and drinks for creatures.]
[Subaru: You mean food becomes unedible?]
[Shopkeeper: I mean that once you eat it, the miasma’s pollution advances. You’ll go crazy just from taking even a little bit of it with through your gate. Try taking it in directly through the stomach. The pollution will swallow you whole.]
[Subaru: What happens then? It won’t stop just because of me going insane?]
[Shopkeeper: People commonly say that you’ll die in madness. To tell you the truth………well, I can’t deny it.]
The succinctly speaking shopkeeper shaking his head had a pale look.
He probably had seen it before, although he didn’t speak of it directly. He had seen people’s last moments of getting violated by the miasma as they went crazy, arriving at their death.
[Shopkeeper: It would be far better for you guys to not go over there. Do that.]
[Emilia:――Thank you for the milk. Thanks for the talk too.]
Emilia drinks up her hot milk and expresses her gratitude towards the shopkeeper that started to conclude the conversation.
The shopkeeper was probably aware of how they started to gently get information out of the conversation in the middle of it as well. He also continued to speak until now and tried to change Subaru and Emilia’s plans.
He simply felt sad for them. But even then, Subaru and the others would still go towards the same place.
[Emilia: I paid. Subaru let’s go.]
[Subaru: Alright……..lets go then.]
Emilia places the silver coin she took out onto the counter and pulled onto Subaru’s sleeve. She gave him way too much for two cups of milk, but it did also include a tip for the information and his care.
They got up, said their thanks to the shopkeeper, and started to exit the shop.
[Shopkeeper: ――It’s been like this here for about a year, but people now notice that there are birds that fly towards the sand dunes.]
[――――]
They covered themselves with their robes again, preparing themselves for the sand wind, and a voice called out to them from behind. When they turned back, the shopkeeper turned his back on them, and continued speaking as if having a monologue while he wiped a glass.
[Shopkeeper: The people that saw them say that they fly towards the tower, and it spread as a joke. I don’t have any evidence for this, but………]
That was the point when the shopkeeper stopped his sentence and put down the glass.
And then he said
[Shopkeeper: If you ever become uncertain, try looking for a bird. If you’re lucky, it might lead you towards the tower.]
[――――]
[Shopkeeper: Though you’d obviously already have the worst luck once you become uncertain at the sand dunes.]
Subaru and Emilia left the shop without having anything to say.
When they went outside, they noticed that the sand wind was considerably weak. Emilia confirms that she could see better now to some extant in comparison to when they entered the bar, and she looked back at Subaru.
[Emilia: For now, let’s return to the inn and meet up with everyone else, since Anastasia and the others might also be back now.]
[Subaru: Yeah, sounds good. I’m also interested in what results they got too.]
He stands in front of Emilia, who covered her faced again, and started to walk while acting as protection from the wind
And then once they reached a point where they could no longer see the bar, Emilia murmured quietly.
[Emilia: The store person from before was missing a leg.]
[Subaru: …….I didn’t notice.]
[Emilia: I don’t know where he was injured…….but I wonder if it was because of “that”.]
Subaru also knew what Emilia wanted to say from her thoughtful words.
The shopkeeper nicely and warmly expressed his strong feelings on the dangers of the sand dunes to the two strange travelers.
If that was a warning based off his experiences, then the people that shook off that care and headed towards the sand dunes were cruel. That’s how it felt like,

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
[Anastasia: Looks like Natsuki-kun and Emilia-san have returned safely.]
They came back to the inn. The person that greeted Subaru and Emilia was someone who should have been outside just like they were. It was Anastasia.
Anastasia changed from her outside clothes, and she had a gorgeous and elegant smile as she sat down on the bed.
The inn the group was staying at was a first class Milura inn.
It was still unfair to compare it to Priestella’s “Hagoromo Inn of the Water”, but there was no way to understand it other than reasoning it was because of the qualitative difference cities had.
[Subaru: Where’s Julius?]
[Anastasia: After he sent me to the inn, he said that he’d look around the town for a bit. I think he’s probably not used to having sand in his eyes. Just like you guys. How was it?]
[Subaru: I really do wish we had goggles to protect against dust. They’re like transparent glass, and they cover the face around here like protection. Can we not make them?]
Subaru gets reminded of underwater goggles and asks about them while pointing around his eyes. Anastasia tilts her head at those words and said “I see” as she nodded.
[Anastasia: We have to worry about things like glasswork and its durability, but it is something worth considering……..perhaps. Sand wind time isn’t a matter unrelated to Kararagi, so it might be a useful idea.]
[Subaru: I’m not trying to talk about patents far into the future. If we don’t have those things…..well as long as we don’t use them during “sand time”, I don’t think there’d be any deficiencies.]
[Emilia: It seems like the bigger concerns are the mabeasts and the miasma as oppose to the sand. Beatrice and I can try dealing with the miasma with lesser spirits……but we’ll have to depend on Meili for the mabeasts.]
Emilia said those words and looked towards the room next door on the other side of the wall.
As of right now, Beatrice should be monitoring Meili in that room. He wanted to be sentimental and wanted to believe Meili wouldn’t betray them, but a previous offence is a previous offence. It wasn’t like they could just easily have trust in her. They couldn’t say with complete confidence that her connection with her mother had been cut, and her mother forbidding her to speak also wasn’t an impossibility.
[Subaru: So we’ll be relying on Anastasia to guide us. That’s risky.]
[Emilia: Although it’d be valid to call it the usual.]
[Subaru: You’re not wrong.]
Subaru smiled at Emilia’s rare interruption and then looked at Anastasia. She was sitting up straight on the bed and continued the conversation by saying “But well”.
[Anastasia: Stay calm until we actually accomplish the goals we went out for. The dragon carriage’s wheel adjustments and how we’ll deal with entering the sand dunes will be left up to me as needed, after all.]
[Emilia: Right……sorry. We’re kinda having you do everything.]
[Anastasia: It’s alright it’s alright, since in return, I’ll be counting on Emilia-san in regards to fighting power.]
Anastasia calmly waved her hand.
The goals she spoke of――one of them was tuning the dragon carriage they’d enter the sand dunes with. Usually you’d assume that the dragon carriage would only travel along a maintained main road, or at least a road. However, the road this time was mostly a sand road, so a common dragon carriage couldn’t move along it well.
They had an option of leaving the dragon carriage and riding the dragons――but there were a lot of woman and children. Considering how there was also an unconscious Rem, the option wasn’t realistic.
Thus, it was necessary to adjust the dragon carriage to suit it for desert areas, and it was also necessary to make some changes to the earth dragons.
[Subaru: Can’t leave Patrasche behind. Leaving her behind would be ridiculous.]
[Emilia: That girl is reeeally smart. If you talk about leaving her behind, it might bite Subaru……..]
That actually could happen, so he couldn’t give a response. Plus, he couldn’t leave her behind.
[Emilia: So how about traveling without the dragon carriage……]
[Anastasia: This isn’t as serious as a negotiation. I did only say you should calm down and you did listen, after all.]
She showed a caring smile, but Subaru sensed that it was different from what it looked like, so he started to get some of the chills.
There was the dragon carriage and another matter to be taken care of. Simply put, it was the rite of passage to deal with the sand dunes.
I.E., if the royal selection candidates Emilia and Anastasia became untraceable in the Augria Sand Dunes, who would be responsible? That was how it was.
As of now, you truly could say that these two had the most important positions to the kingdom. If those two unexpectedly got into something serious like being buried in the Augria Sand dunes, naturally it would be unclear who’d be responsible, and you could expect strenuous efforts to be made.
The Augria Sand Dunes――never mind someone who’d manage the sand dunes themselves, a feudal lord dropping in at the end and governing the Milra outskirts would not have a bearable weight of responsibility.
Thus, Anastasia went to the feudal lords’ inferiors beforehand to write a few lines and convince them with a point “No matter what happens, that’s the candidate’s own responsibility”.
[Anastasia: But still, they might be blamed for not stopping me…….my life isn’t just my own. It’s a big responsibility, don’t you think?]
[Emilia: That’s been true from the start. It’s not because of things like the selection or the candidates. If we meet the “sage” and don’t find ways to regain various things, there will be a lot of people that can’t be saved. It’s not something sudden to say.]
[Anastasia: You sure are being as dependable as you can.]
Anastasia looked back at Emilia, who made that declaration, in what appeared to be a happy way in some respects. After that, she tilted her head and looked at Subaru as she said “So?”.
[Anastasia: Did you guys have any results from your stroll? There’s no way you guys actually went out to simply get used to having sand in your eyes, right?]
[Subaru: Well, it’s not like we went out in the middle of sand wind and dressed up. We listened to someone informed for a little bit.]
[Emilia: The store person being informed was just a coincidence, though.]
[Subaru: My foresight is on point for choosing that bar.]
[Emilia: I have a feeling that I was the one who chose the shop…….]
Anyhow, whatever the flow of events was and whose achievement it was were irrelevant information.
Anastasia also made a pondering look when they talked about the previous bar.
[Anastasia: Catching sight of a bird……..hmm.]
[Subaru: Really, that’s what you’re curious about?]
[Anastasia: Well the other parts are just things like challenging the Augria Sand Dunes and half steps of common knowledge. Anyways, the very interesting part is that difference. Birds and such seemed to be the most sensitive to wind mixed with miasma.]
[Emilia: Now that you say it, that is true……]
In response to Anastasia’s words, Emilia went into deep thought while feeling her hair. When Subaru looked at Emilia pondering with a side glance, he looked gently brought his face close towards Anastasia.
[Subaru: ――There’s no way you actually do have something in mind, right?]
[Anastasia: Nothing special has come to mind. However, that really was something very interesting to me.]
[――――]
[Anastasia: Don’t make a doubtful face like that. Look, you’ll make her get suspicious.]
He could see Eridna’s true feelings on her face slightly, but saying that would do nothing but cause her to withdraw. Fortunately, Emilia didn’t see the interaction just now as she was in deep thought. But, in Subaru’s heart, for some reason it felt like he was an adulterer frantically hiding his cheating.
[Subaru: When should we leave?]
[Anastasia: We should leave early, right? The worrying conversation about the dragon carriage isn’t settled yet………perhaps we should leave immediately after we supply just the luggage we’ll load.]
[Subaru: Tomorrow would be too quick, how about around the day after?]
[Anastasia: Guess we’ll go with that.]
When Anastasia said that and came into agreement, Emilia also gave an acknowledging nod.
After that, she looked towards the room’s window that was shut tight so that sand wouldn’t get in, and she squinted.
What Emilia was looking at with her bluish purple eyes was the view of the east on the other side of the window.
She saw a very long shadow that stood conspicuously tall with an extensive height that appeared to be taller than stores and houses.
[Emilia: Pleiades watchtower]
She stood alone and called out to that structure with the tone of a silver bell.
The tower of destination was so high that she could even look up at it from Milura.
――Was it even possible to miss seeing something that big?
Subaru had that question ever since he began to see the Pleiades watchtower along the way before they arrived at Milura.
What would someone do and what mistakes would they make to not be able to find a landmark like that?
But, on the other hand, the bartender’s warning also pierced him when he thought like that.
[Subaru: Having no plans is out of the question, and an inane plan is a poor plan, eh.]
Whatever the case may be, they didn’t have an option to back out from the challenge.
That is exactly why they chose means that only would let them have a chance, means that would only increase their chances.
They should be different than the adventurers the shopkeeper spoke of that were unprepared by having inane plans. That’s what he believed.
That’s why Subaru didn’t realize it. He wouldn’t realize it.
――No matter what happens, backing out from the challenge wasn’t an option.
He didn’t realize that at this point, he was already shutting himself off from the first path.
Advertisement


Chapter 8
――The morning to depart had arrived.
They used one day to rest, and it was two days after the prior arrangements and the information gathering.
Subaru and the others finished the preparations to cross the sand dunes at the Milra town’s entrance, and they were all gathered together with their respective equipment on. Subaru was the one to let out an admiring sigh at this time.
[Subaru: Wow, this is…….]
[Julius: The earth dragons to cross the sand dunes――the Gyras species is a species tolerant of the sandy soil. They’re a species adapted to sand wind and dryness. They’re big together, but they act calm. You’ll find about these endemic species’ nature with how easy they are to handle.]
Subaru looks at the earth dragons tied to the dragon carriage while widening his eyes, and Julius adds onto his explanation.
They had to break through the Augria Sand Dunes, considering how they were aiming for the Pleiades watchtower. Typical earth dragons are not capable of riding across the rough spots on the huge road dominated by sand.
Therefore, they exchanged the earth dragons hat brought them across the road until this point, and they were now using the Gyrus endemic earth dragons to open the path ahead.
[Subaru: Endemic, huh. There are Priestella water dragons too, but wow the world is big.]
Subaru looks at the yellow skinned earth dragon connected to the dragon carriage and folded his arms.
Subaru has already spent no less than a year in this world. He had very weak surprise towards the earth dragons. He didn’t feel unprecedented sort of moving emotions, but he was narrow minded.
[――――]
They were yellow earth dragons that had thorn like scales on their flat heads, all over their bodies. They had a physique similar to Otto’s loving dragon Furefoo. Furefoo is a species that has excellent stamina even among earth dragons, and the owner boasted that it could travel throughout 3 days and 3 nights. It would perhaps be similar to a triceratops according to Subaru’s knowledge.
On the other hand, if you were to look up approximate knowledge, you’d find that the earth dragons in front of him were similar to the ankylosaurus.
However, their tails were short, and unlike the original, it seemed like their tails could not be used as weapons. Also, their feet made up their characteristics more than their skin and looks did. ――Every end of their four thick, short legs were round, and their sharp nails acted like spikes. Their big bodies were tied to the ground.
[Subaru: They sure do look like feet that can cause unrecoverable damage to things they step on.]
[Julius: Grains of the Augria Sand Dunes’ sand are small. If they didn’t have feet like this, there would be the possibility of slipping off slopes. People say that the Gyrus’ feet changed to adapt to that.]
[Subaru: So they adapted to the desert areas, eh. It’s a replacement for horses and camels, but what about water dragons? Thinking hard about it, it’s not like I’ve seen animals pull boats back at the original world.]
Subaru went into deep thought and a swan boat came to mind, but that was just a form of a bot imitating a swan, so it was actually nothing but something that was operated through human effort. However, it wasn’t as if he ever heard of a custom in which crocodiles or hippopotamuses pulled on boats, so he couldn’t think of any replacement for water dragons.
What’s more is that――
[Subaru: These dragons adapted to sandy soil are going there, but can we really bring my Patrasche to a place like that? Although, most of the ladies in my camp don’t allow unreasonable things.]
[Julius: Your loving dragon is a Diana, which is considered the ancestor of all earth dragons. It has the genes of the initial dragon ancestors that were dominant on land, sea, and air……it has excelling adaptability, no matter what the environment is. Unfortunately, my Shaknar will be left at the town.]
Julius answers Subaru’s question and lonesomely looked upwards towards the inn.
Shaknar was Julius’ loving, beautiful blue-skinned earth dragon.
It was a loving dragon, but it had forgotten about Julius, who had his name eaten by “Gluttony”. However, this well trained dragon would always be polite to anyone that rode it. It had been accepting of Julius from the beginning, but ever since the one sided meeting at Priestella, during this trip that they’ve been on for half a month, they shared the intimate bond from before
Just because of that, he had what you could call feelings of shame for leaving the loving dragon at the town.
[Julius: Nevertheless, for your love dragon to be the lady you use the most out of all the people around you…..I don’t know if I should praise you for knowing how to use your earth dragon, or if I should warn you for your evaluation of the woman around you.]
[Subaru: ……Well actually you also shouldn’t make light of how high Patrasche’s woman power is.]
Julius had an emotional look for a second, so he immediately said some banter to cover up his feelings. Subaru also sensed those thoughts of his and he went with it somehow.
Once Julius saw that, he went to greet the earth dragon of the dragon carriage that would be held by the bridle. As a response, Subaru looked towards the dragon carriage, stepped towards it, and knocked on the door.
[Subaru: So the inside of the dragon carriage will be left as is besides the exchanging of the wheels and…]
Subaru inspected the remodeled dragon carriage before there was an answer to his knock.
Having said that, the change that stood out was the carriage’s substructure――the wheels and the window frames installed with sand protection for the sand wind.
If you had to describe this dragon carriage that had various efforts made on it for traveling long distances, it would be something like an RV with multipurpose features. Inside the carriage at the front there was space with lined up chairs, and there was space from the middle to the back to simply chill. The inside was something excellent like this.
On top of it ensuring comfort, it could hold up to 10 people at max. Subaru was honestly surprised by how the dragon carriage easily surpassed his expectations when he first saw it like this.
[Subaru: Even without electricity and electrical appliances, we can substitute the work of mastone processing for them. Humans are creatures that really seek convenience anywhere.]
[Ram: I don’t know what you’re talking about so seriously, but are the preparations finished, Barusu?]
When he puzzled at the exterior, the dragon carriage’s door opened, and a cold voice poured down at the same time.
After he turned around, Ram stood up from the seat closest to the door and looked down on Subaru.
[Subaru: Well the previous preparations were finished yesterday, so it’s ready. Next we have to prepare our hearts and bodies, but I’m also done with that. How about you?]
[Ram: Let’s see. When I think about the many days I spent in the carriage, I can’t say I’m relaxed, no matter how much care I’m shown. I wont cry for help as a delicate person in the middle of the sand dunes, even if we’re attacked.]
[Subaru: ――It’ll be fine, don’t worry.]
He gave a meaningful smile at Ram, and then Emilia made her appearance upon hearing them talk. Emilia seemed to have tidied up the back of the dragon carriage, and she stepped up to Ram’s side, tapping on her shoulder.
[Emilia: Even if something did attack, I would protect everyone in here. There’s Subaru and Julius outside too, so it’s perfect.]
[Subaru: You are as reassuring as always. See look, Ram. Emilia-tan is saying this too, so don’t worry.]
[Ram: You’re right, Emilia-sama. You’re very reassuring to me too. However, it isn’t just malicious beings that will attack us. There’s also a fellow with an evil klesha in here…..]
Ram says that while giving a meaningful look at Subaru, who was in a meaningful state.
Once Subaru understood Ram’s look and the underlying meaning of her words, he frowned.
[Subaru: You’re still gonna doubt me like that even after spending close to one month of peaceful nights!? There’s no way I can do something like that with you around! I don’t have that type of courage!]
[Ram: It’s pathetic how you’re insisting that with a loud voice, but considering how beautiful it is in this carriage, it’s not unthinkable for you to lose control of yourself, no matter how you do it. I’m always afraid. Sympathize with a girl’s heart.]
[Subaru: Always afraid? Not always threatening people?]
Ram basically repeating the saying that boys and girls should be separated once they turn 7 causes Subaru’s voice to shake. Incidentally, Emilia did nothing but tilt her head in confusion.
It was Emilia’s usual EMTness, and Ram’s insolence. But, Subaru scratched his head and said “Ah”, as he was curious about something.
[Subaru: Nee-sama, how’s your body?]
[Ram: ……Weird of you to ask that. Why do you wonder?]
[Subaru: Your worry is unnecessary, but is mine unnecessary? I just want to know the answer to that.]
[Ram: Barusu, you sure are cheeky with how attentive you are.]
She didn’t have a pale face, and she didn’t appear to have trouble breathing, which meant Ram appeared to be acting like her usual self, but she didn’t deny Subaru’s words.
She didn’t act tough, and she didn’t try to hide it. In that sense, Ram was being surprisingly sincere.
[Subaru: Looks like you don’t have the sharpness of a wicked tongue. If your body’s condition really is bad, then…….]
[Ram: Then step forward at this point where we’re before the goal after coming this far in 20 days, right? This is just the usual, but you’re being particularly ridiculous today.]
[Emilia: Ram, don’t speak like that.]
Ram interrupts Subaru, and she gives him an even fiercer look with her eyes. Emilia raises her eyebrow at that girl’s behavior and puts her hands on her waists in an angry way.
She points her hand towards Subaru while being next to Ram and says
[Emilia: Subaru is worrying about Ram. I’m also worried about you. Everyday I’m giving the healing Roswaal told me about, but…….]
[Subaru: Still unsure if you can call it healing, but it’s not like it’s your specialty. Even if Emilia-tan and Beako do it, they can’t do it as well as Roswaal.]
[Ram: …….I’m not trying to use that as a reason. I don’t want to be a bother.]
[Subaru: We are worried, you know?]
[Ram: If you were the usual Barusu, then I could fool you.]
[Subaru: You aren’t the usual Ram, so you can’t fool me.]
They weren’t inflammatory tit for tat words, nor were they comebacks.
Anyhow, there was a quiet exchange of words, and Ram bit her lips in a seemingly displeased way at the way Subaru spoke. However, there was a lack of ambition in the eyes she stared at him with.
She probably was aware of it herself. Ram let out a sigh and looked inside of the carriage. There was a wheel chair right next to her seat and a single girl on top of it.
The dragon carriage’s seat was removed, and there was remodeled spaced to allow the wheelchair to be placed there. Their interactions did not disturb the sleeping girl, and she continued to remain there sleeping.
[Ram: I won’t be left behind. Also, it’s not like my pain will improve if I do get left behind. Actually, being separated from Emilia-sama with how I am now would put my life at risk. You trying to kill me?]
[Subaru: Calm down. I’ve never even said a single word about leaving you behind since the beginning. Also, if you were to be left behind, Emilia-tan would be too.]
[Emilia: Hmph! Subaru, there’s no way I’d let that happen.]
[Subaru: LIKE I SAID, it’s fine! I just want to chuck on Ram!]
[Emilia: You mean check?]
[Subaru: Didn’t I say that…….?]
Subaru jumped to conclusions again as he forgot about what he said while giving a wry smile. Emilia and Ram look at each other. Subaru sees the doubt on their faces and said those words.
[Subaru: Ram. We can tell that you aren’t your usual self, so if something happens, say something. Don’t try to hide stuff and fool us. Even if you do stuff like that, we’ll still help you, even if you don’t like it.]
[――――]
[Emilia: Hehe]
When he pointed his finger at Ram and said that, Ram made a rare look of shame.
Emilia put her hand on her mouth at her side, and she let out a smile unintentionally due to not being able to handle the situation. Emilia wards off the inclination to laugh, and relaxed her lips in a happy way.
[Emilia: I think that side of Subaru is reeeaaally nice.]
[Subaru: …….Eh!? Did you just fall in love again!?]
[Ram: Don’t talk like that with Rem sleeping in front of you, women’s harmful enemy.]
[Subaru: Women’s harmful enemy, and not women’s enemy!?]
Subaru switches from low and high pitches with his voice, and Ram snorts her nose as she said “Haa”.
After that, she stretched her slender legs, and she recklessly tried to kick Subaru off of the dragon carriage’s steps.
[Subaru: O, He, hey! What are you doing? I’m going to fall!]
[Ram: Putting aside you falling, you should normally be outside, not inside. Mount the prideful earth dragon, and frantically guarantee our dragon carriage’s safety. Do it, quickly.]
[Subaru: What do you mean quickly? Listen to what I have to……]
[Ram: ――I’ve listened to what I’ll hear. So, go.]
Ram says that with a stern voice, and she gives him an even sharper kick.
Subaru gets off dejectedly, getting his butt kicked, and just before he went away from the dragon carriage, he exchanged looks with Emilia. Emilia responds to that look by giving an acknowledging gesture with her chin as if she said “I know”.
[Subaru: Guess I’ll go then. But, anyways you should……..mogaa]
[Ram: Go.]
A kick that felt like a surprise attack hits his stomach, and Subaru falls off out of the dragon carriage as he leaned backward. Then, Ram quickly shut the carriage’s door, and she suddenly look at Emilia as she let out a sigh. Then she says
[Ram: ……Emilia-sama, why are you making that look?]
[Emilia: No, it’s nothing. But, I just thought about how you’re kinda cute.]
[Ram: That’s a surprising opinion. That was bold of Emilia-sama.]
[Emilia: Hmm.]
Ram has a slip of the tongue due to being teased, and she shows a rare sight of stiffening her cheeks. Emilia sees that change in Ram’s facial expression, and she smiled, appearing to become more and more happy.
[Emilia: Finally feel like showing that face to me too, the one you always show to Subaru?]
[Ram: ……..Not anymore. Please forgive my impoliteness.]
[Emilia: I’m not really angry. I’m actually a little happy. It kinda feels like you’re giving me trust when you do that. I was a little jealous of Subaru.]
Ram kept silent for a bit in response to Emilia’s innocent reply. Immediately after that, Ram says this with a dumbfounded look while smoothing down her hair
[Ram: Emilia-sama, you’ve changed too. When we first met, you looked like someone only with readiness that was hard, but fragile, like glass.
[Emilia: Do I look a little stronger now?]
[Ram: And now I think…….you’re like sweet glass turned into candy.]
[Emilia: Wow, Ram you’re harsh.]
Emilia gets hit by Ram’s abusive words, and her voice finally burst open from not being able to handle it.
The girls continued to talk with each other like that for a bit inside the dragon carriage.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
――After a few hours, the conquering of the Augria Sand Dunes began.
They had more than a dozen kilometers towards east, and the sandy soil began as they were nearly one hour away with the dragon carriage. The wind filled with dry sand and the miasma got stronger, and when the prairie at their feet changed to desert, they were finally at the state to rush into the Augria Sand Dunes.
[――――]
Their setup was made up of one dragon carriage, and Gyrus Earth Dragons to pull it. There was Subaru riding Patrasche as she ran with it, and she was traveling over the sandy soil.
The flat-faced earth dragon wasn’t fast, but it had stability with its heavy pacing. Its weird companion Patrasche also was careful of it at the start, but after a few hours of traveling together, it was as if it found its partners promise and so it didn’t seem to have dissatisfaction on its highly prideful face.
[Subaru: If I had to describe it, then I’d probably say that dissatisfaction of this earth dragon reminded me of Betty.]
Beatrice was completely settled in Subaru’s arms. Subaru pulls the bridle, and while holding onto the curled up girl, he said “No no” as he shook his head.
[Subaru: That’s not right. Patrasche isn’t such an intolerant dragon.]
[Beatrice: ……Subaru, it would be wise of you to be more careful of how you perceive those around you, I suppose.]
Beatrice let out those words while squatting on the jet black earth dragon as she held onto the edge of her skirt.
Subaru’s dragon riding skills were a lot better than they were before. He was simply spoiled by Patrasche’s care up to this point, but now he was at a dragon rider apprentice level in one respect.
He sat on the saddle and held onto the bridle. Beatrice sat in front of him, and he made sure to hold onto her from behind. They almost looked like experts at riding together.
Of course, the only earth dragon Subaru would ride was Patrasche, and this wasn’t the first time he rode her with Beatrice. Thus, Beatrice was being too paranoid, no matter how he looked at it. That’s what he wanted to say.
[Beatrice: This very prideful earth dragon doesn’t want to let anyone other than her owner ride them.This earth dragon of yours is extraordinary. If I was alone, she definitely wouldn’t let me ride her.]
[Subaru: Isn’t that just because you’re bad at riding earth dragons?]
[Beatrice: If that was the reason, then you getting close with this earth dragon wouldn’t make sense, I suppose.]
It was just like she said.
If Patrasche liked a person based on their dragon riding skills, then Subaru should have failed the first test. Since that didn’t happen, there was a reason why this lady approved of Subaru.
Also, Patrasche actually acted relatively bitter towards Subaru.
[Subaru: Well, not knowing why you’re liked really is unstable.]
[Beatrice: True. Subaru doesn’t have the looks to be liked for no reason, I suppose.]
[Subaru: …..In other words, you have firm reasons and you love me.]
[Beatrice: Of course that’s…what……..just what are you trying to make me say!?]
They were glued together, so he couldn’t dodge Beatrice attacking him while having a red face. While getting hit lightly by her weak palm, Subaru said “whoa, whoa” and calmed down Beatrice.
Then, Patrasche raised her upper body and shook them as if displeased with their behavior they had on her back.
[Subaru: Oh, what the!?]
She fixes her posture in a way that was like doing a wheelie on a bike, and Subaru reflexively holds tight onto Beatrice.
Normally they wouldn’t feel the shaking while riding and the wind with the power of “Divine Protection of Wind Evasion”, but certain extreme movements like the one just now would have effect, as well as things like angle changes from sudden turning.
It was the harassment from understanding those characteristics.
When Subaru put in his objection and glared at the back of Patrasche’s head, the earth dragon looked at Subaru and her for a second, squinting her eyes as if saying “I’ll bite my tongue”.
[Subaru: She’s kinda like Ram just from considering her level of pride. Seems like they’d get along, surprisingly.]
[Beatrice: Or maybe they’d clash with each other, and they wouldn’t come to agreement at all. I wonder which would be the case.]
Subaru and Beatrice exchange deep thoughts and nod at each other.
Then,
[Julius: Subaru, Beatrice-sama. It’s splendid seeing you guys being intimate with each other, but this would be a good time to seriously brace yourselves.]
He looks towards the two relaxed people, and he speaks out from the side.
At the driver box that traveled along with the dragon carriage, there was Julius holding onto the bridle. He was not separately mounted on the earth dragon. It seemed like being a driver was an unpleasant role that wasn’t very fitting for Julius, but he didn’t act like he cared about it.
That being said, perhaps he didn’t have the time to worry about that. Either way, at his side there was
[Meili: I don’t mind Onii-san and Beatrice-chan being friendly with each other, but if I’m ignored too much, I’ll pout.]
Meili said that, and she gave them a look that didn’t fit her appearance.
Meili was an essential member to deal with the mabeasts, and they would have to always use her for conquering the Augria Sand Dunes. Thus, as a lookout for the mabeats living at the sand dune, Meili was at the place where it’d be easiest for her to deal with them――in other words, she was standing by at the driver box.
Julius took up the role of staving off her boredom.
[Subaru: You have the knight next to your side to escort you. He’s much more smart, stylish, and elegant than me.]
[Meili: I don’t get more than half of what you’ve said. Plus, I’m fine with Mr. Knight. I’m unhappy with Onii-san.]
[Subaru: With me?]
Meili glares at Subaru and pouts with her cheeks while playing with her braided hair.
[Meili: Onii-san made me come along, and so he has a duty to be with me.]
[Subaru: Don’t say such unreasonable childish things. As you can see, that frame is filled with Beako. Right?]
Beatrice shrugs her shoulders in resentment, and Subaru looks at Meili again.
Pouting was a suitable action for her age, but her mood would have a big influence from now on down the road. Considering that, it would be bold to make light of Meili.
However, saying that really would make things unmanageable.
[Subaru: You’re quite right. However, we’ll have you fulfill your role first before you can say if it’s a right or a duty.]
[Meili: My role, hmm.]
[Subaru: We’ll be entering the most favorite Augria Sand Dunes soon. I don’t think the mabeasts will suddenly roar when we enter them, but when it does happen, calming them down will be up to you, Meili. You get that, right?]
[Meili: …..Yees. For someone who spoils Beatrice-chan, Onii-san sure is a bully.]
He wasn’t being a bully to her, but even if he was taken as one, he would just have to cajole her.
Subaru felt like Beatrice appeared to be satisfied as he looked at her with a side glance, and he raises his hands at Julius. After that, Jullius quietly gave an acknowledging gesture with his chin.
Unfortunately for him, he would have to be the little lady’s sycophant.
Also――
[Beatrice: Subaru]
[Subaru: Ahh, I see it.]
Beatrice called out to him quietly, while Patrasche gave a faint neigh as she glared at the front.
Those actions bring back his attention, and Subaru also squinted.
He saw the tower with contours that were so clear that it’d be impossible to miss them from Milra――and he also saw the surface of sand surrounding that tower.
It was the sand maze surrounding the Pleiades watch tower, and it was thei magnificent arrival to the Augria Sand Dunes.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
The Augria Sand Dunes’ has a famous “sand time” when the “sand wind” blows particularly strong.
The sand wind that blows during the three periods of the day morning, afternoon, and night carries sand and miasma from the east towards west, and it’s a disaster that silently presses on you.
Wind got strong late at night, and this sand wind continued to blow for a few hours.
It was pretty much midnight, so they couldn’t move well at this time when the sand wind blew.
Thus, they’d conquer the Augria Sand Dunes during the day, which was also the time when the “sand time” would take a break in the morning and in the afternoon, moving forward little by little.
The grains of sand that fully covered the ground were small, and just like the rumors said, they’d trip many times due to the difficulty of walking on the surface. They marched slowly without speeding up, and it was an irritating situation.
There was something about that situation which disappointed Subaru.
That was――
[Subaru: There’s the pain of this sand wind and the poor footing…….but it isn’t as bad as I thought.]
He turns away from the wind that came from the windward, and pulls up the mouth cloth to secure his breathing. He faintly felt his teeth biting the sand, but this type of initiation wasn’t very different from his time at Milra.
The sand falling made a yellow view, and he felt the sand tickling him in his clothes, but that was as far as its effects went. The sand dunes had few menaces.
[Subaru: I even prepared myself on the assumption that it’d be deathly hot when I heard they were sand dunes.]
[Beatrice: There’s no way there’s anything green here in regards to the environment. The shrouding miasma kills anything and everything, so it only has this sort of scenery spread out, I suppose. Rain even pours on these sand dunes, so the temperature won’t go extremely out of control either.]
Subaru had a strong impression of the desert being a red hot hell.
He never step foot into a desert back at his other world, but in mediums like games and manga, the deserts all had images of hot sand with them.
Just from that, the severity of the Augria Sand Dunes was pleasant in comparison to what he imagined.
[Subaru: It wasn’t hot or cold at the nearest town, so I guess it’d be weird for the sand dunes to be an extremely hot hell. So, we need to be careful of the wind and the mabeasts.]
[Beatrice: As well as getting lost…….I suppose.]
One worry disappeared, and Beatrice causes Subaru to stiffen up, as he seemed to be optimistic. In response to the point made by the girl in his arms, Subaru looked forward while being careful of the wind.
Subaru still saw that majestic appearance of the tower that stood tall.
[Subaru: You bring up the question of getting lost, but it seems unnatural to miss that thing.]
[Beatrice: I think so too. However, it wouldn’t be weird for something to come up, I suppose. I don’t know what kind of fake this “Sage” is, but the fact that nobody has ever reached her is proof.]
[――――]
Of course, Subaru had no intentions of underestimating things.
Realistically speaking, it would be unlikely to miss the mark when it was a structure that huge, never mind getting lost. However, the people that have challenged it most likely thought the same thing.
He thinks about that, but there should’ve been a reason for them to still not reach it.
It wouldn’t be weird for something to happen.
Just like how Beatrice pointed out, this was that sort of maregion.
[Subaru: And so I guess it’s about time we make the next insurance.]
Subaru looks back at the path they went across while he held his breath.
The sandy soil left behind little by little was Patrasche’s footsteps, who they rode. However, there wasn’t any recent ones left behind. They too were washed away, replaced, and hidden by the sand.
It was a natural trap for murder made by nature.
Never mind the watchtower at the front, it hid the path they traveled along extremely well.
However, that would only be true if these people were ones that could only take normal measures.
[Subaru: Seems like the previous ones disappear. Alright, this is a good time.]
Subaru pulls on the bridle, ordering Patrasche as he leaned onto the dragon carriage that traveled with them.
The dragon carriage also left traces with its wheels along with the earth dragon’s footprints that looked like spikes, but those also had the same conditions as Patrasche’s. Thus, they had to figure out something for the marks that followed them.
[Subaru: Emilia-tan, please!]
[Emilia: ――Okaaaay, gott it.]
When he knocked on the dragon carriage from the outside, Emilia answered and showed up on the other side of the door.
Emilia’s whole body was covered with a white robe for the sand, and at the back――at a far distance, Subaru pointed at a certain “something” that faintly reflected in his eyes while staring from afar and said
[Subaru: I’m sorry for having you work so much, but please, Sensei!]
[Emilia: Well, I am having you watch from outside. It’s not a big problem. ……What do you mean by Sensei?]
[Subaru: It’s the template when a request is made. Alright alright alright, please.]
[Emilia: Okay, I’ve been requested. ――Take this!]
Emilia looked at where Subaru pointed towards once they made petty jokes.
Emilia raised her listless shouting voice with a look in her eyes that was too cute to call it a glare, and she surged her magical power.
Immediately after, Emilia winded a swirl with the enormous mana in her palm, and the magical power ran swiftly through the sky in a sense of acceleration as the sound of it bursting into the air resounded throughout vicinity.
――And then after a few seconds, there was a huge ice tower that stood on the sandy plain’s route.
[Emilia: Yeah, that was good.]
Emilia confirms that the task was finished, and she smiled, looking somewhat satisfied.
It was a very conspicuous silhouette for their time at the Augria Sand Dunes, although of course it wouldn’t be necessary at the Pleiades watchtower. And so that ice tower was stuck here and there in the route that they passed through to get to the Augria Sand Dunes, as it continued through a space that was a path they wouldn’t miss
[Subaru: The footprints can’t be marks, but marks can be made with a more conspicuous method. This is the application of magic, eh.]
[Emilia: Even so, Subaru’s craft really does impress me. Nice thinking.]
[Subaru: This method won’t be any good if the sand dunes get hot.]
The ice Emilia created with her magic was fragile to temperature, perhaps because it didn’t go against the law of nature.
Just from knowing that, if this was a genuine desert, then maybe a forbidden method like this wouldn’t pass. However, it was a valid plan in these sand dunes.
Emilia’s standing ice tower surely was functioning as a mark. In the worst case scenario when something really would happen and they’d have to inevitably withdraw, they should be able to follow that and go back.
[Subaru: Yeah…….seems like you can walk on this tower. I’m still scared of it possibly toppling over, though. Since the foundation seems to be rustling too much.]
[Emilia: I think it’s fully pinned down, so I think it’s no biggy, but you’re worried?]
[Subaru: Don’t really hear “no biggy” nowadays, huh. ……..Ahh, alright.]
Subaru puts aside his worry, makes fun of Emilia, and lifts his head. Emilia seemed a wee bit displeased with that response, but for now he’d just give her a wry smile.
After that, he looked towards the inside of the dragon carriage that was behind Emilia over her shoulder. Everything inside should’ve been the same, but there was one person that he was worried about in order for that to be true.
[Subaru: Where’s Anastasia?]
[Anastasia: What is it, Natsuki-kun? Looking for me?]
Immediately after looking for her, Subaru jumps because of the person’s voice.
The person who showed her face a little from Emilia’s side to cut into his view was Anastasia. She looked down on Subaru, him being surprised, and she squinted slightly with her light blue eyes.
[Anastasia: No need to get startled that much. Ain’t I deliberately staying inside?]
[Subaru: I knew that you were inside, but I didn’t expect you to appear from Emilia’s armpits, so I got startled.]
[Emilia: ……Hey, Subaru. You seem reeeeally irritated with how you said that.]
[Anastasia: I thought that was unusual too, usually I’d be irritated. What a coincidence.]
Subaru gets irritated by Emilia and Anastasia, but he gets a hold of himself again. There was Beatrice shrugging her shoulders in his arms, but he turned to Anastasia for now.
[Subaru: We’ll be relying on your knowledge to conquer the sand dunes. Please guide us well, okay?]
[Anastasia: Natsuki-kun sure is a worrywart. I’ll be with you, so we’ll be in the same boat in regards to the outcome of this journey……..there’s no way I wouldn’t try and cut corners, you know? Caaalm down.]
[Beatrice: ……Can one really nonchalantly believe a fox?]
Anastasia says those words, and Beatrice talked with a voice that could only be heard by Subaru. He was in complete agreement with her, but it would be wrong to provoke her by using that basis.
If he was gonna say that, then choosing to set out to conquer this watchtower would be a mistake in itself. As of now, they should be using up all of their strength to fulfill their respective roles without complaining.
[Subaru: Right…Anastasia.]
[Anastasia: Yes, Natsuki-kun. Since if something happens, I’ll let Julius know, and if we come near the place Echidna said, I’ll report that too. No need to worry at all.]
Subaru called out to her cynically, and the Anastasia who was Eridna showed no sign of disturbance.
It seems like there would be no problem moving forward like this, for now.
[Emilia: It seems like the wind has gotten stronger. Subaru, if there’s nothing else, then I’m gonna close it, but…….]
[Subaru: …..Ahh, go ahead. Emilia-tan, I’ll leave the people inside up to you.]
[Emilia: Yeah, leave it up to me. You be nice to Beatrice, too.]
[Beatrice: No need to worry about that, I suppose. I’m satisfied.]
Emilia put her hand on the door, and she exchanged words when she left as she went back inside. Beatrice responded to Emilia’s last joke with a light remark, her smile gets interrupted by the door, and she went back inside.
Subaru now went around to the front of the dragon carriage, and he appeared at the driver’s box.
[Julius: Seems like Emilia-sama’s mark is working well. You are as clever as always.]
[Subaru: You can call it guile, you know.]
[Julius: I won’t. I’m jealous of how you’re adaptive in that you can come up with ideas myself and others cant come up with easily. I really cannot come up with these sort of evil ways.]
[Subaru: Guile sounds cuter than evil ways!]
Julius sat on the driver’s box, and he had a faint smile on his face that couldn’t be seen well.
He had a white cloth wrapped around his handsome face, so his expression could not be seen. But even then, they talked with each other in this past month, and he could understand how much he was joking based off the tone of his voice.
[Subaru: Meili, how about you? Doing your job?]
[Meili: You’re gonna ask me that? Onii-san hasn’t run into bad animals even once, and neither has the dragon carriage. That’s not proof of me woorking.]
When he peeked into the driver’s box, he saw Meili pouting with her face, just as he expected. She was also wearing a cloak from her head for the sand wind, and she answered Subaru’s question with a displeased sounding voice.
In response to Meilis answer’ Subaru wipes off the sand off his head while gazing at the pathway.
[Subaru: Even if you say that, it’s hard to see the results of your hard work. I don’t know if the mabeasts haven’t showed up because of you, or if they just aren’t around here……]
[Meili …….Hmm, so that’s what you’re gonna saay.]
Subaru said a careless thing, being disappointed by the high anticipations he had as there were no other obstacles that came up besides the sand and the wind. Meili says that with a low toned voice, and she puts her cheeks in between her hands as if she was thinking of something, sinking into silence.
Subaru honestly had a bad feeling about that.
[Julius: Subaru, apologize to her. It’s clear that you just said something improper.]
[Subaru: Y―you don’t have to tell me, I know. That was kinda my fault. Well, not kinda, but completely. Don’t be sad. I wasn’t trying to be mean.]
[Meili: ……Okaay, it’s finee. It’s not like I’m mad or anythiing. But, I think there’s a reason for what you said too.]
[Subaru: O―oh. That’s good. Thankfully, you are much more mature than you loo…….]
[Meili: ――Look, I’ll make it clear why I’m here.]
Meili interrupts Subaru’s explanation and apology, and she threw out those extremely disturbing words.
The inappropriateness of that sound causes Subaru and Julius to look at each other, and they quickly tried to form some words. ――It was immediately after that.
[――――]
Patrasche and the dragon carriage’s earth dragons both stepped hard on the ground, and they stopped moving.
The earth dragon’s instincts quickly sense something nearing them, and it alerts the master grasping onto the bridle. Then, Subaru and Julius open their eyes at the same time, and they saw it.
[――――]
They saw the sand’s surface suddenly start wriggling as if on purpose, and something wriggling immediately came crawling out below the sand. It was a terrifying animal that had a large amount of sand stuck on its whole body, and it let out an unbelievable piercing cry with its gigantic mouth.
It had no arms or legs, and the way it bent its long, fat, body back and forth would make one think of a snake. However, it had slimy looking skin that was close to the same color as the sand, a stink, and patterns of equidistant lateral stripes carved on its body. Subaru saw it slowly lowering its head, and he saw its true colors.
It wasn’t a snake. ――This was an earthworm.
Subaru did not turn his hands. The body was so huge, and it seemed that its head and mouth could swallow 4-5 people whole. The stink it carried was similar to a rotten smell, and the dropping saliva from the cavities of its small teeth made noise as it evaporated the sand.
[――――]
The eyeless head turned towards them, and it was acting as if it was sniffing a smell.
Subaru completely forget about breathing at this moment. He also felt Patrasche’s thoughts blanking, being across the bridle, and Beatrice grabbed hard onto Subaru’s clothes while being in his arms.
As soon as he thought of “sense of smell”, Subaru remembered his own witch stink that he had. When mabeasts would react to that, as well as when they’d react to it here, this group would――
[Meili: Ahh geez, you stiink. Hurry up and leave. Get loost.]
[――――]
Meili let out an adequate voice, not showing fear in front of Subaru and the others.
Those words cause the gigantic earthworm to turn towards Meili, but it immediately listened to that little girl’s orders, and it crawled into the hole that it dug through.
A few seconds later, the hole that the earthworm came from gets completely covered with sand, and only silence reigned within the area.
[Julius: ……..That was an earthworm, most likely. It’s a mabeast that prefers to lurk beneath sandy soil, but it was a little bigger than I thought.]
[Subaru: A little? How little?]
[Julius: Based off my knowledge, surely I thought they would’ve been as big as a male adult’s arms.]
Even if the earthworm appeared as that size, that would be big enough for it to be a grotesque threat. But, that sand earth worm was hundreds to thousands times larger than what Julius thought it was.
Mabeasts at the Augria Sand Dunes did get ferocious, including the native species, but perhaps he should’ve considered that difference in scale as a type of difference too.
Anyhow
[Emilia: W―what was that loud voice…….?]
Emilia opens the dragon carriage’s small window, and she she shows her face from the window that was connected to the driver box and the inside of the carriage.
Even if she didn’t see that earthworm, she should’ve heard that mabeast’s roar. Emilia looked worried, but Subaru couldn’t speak right away.
Then, Meili takes Subaru’s place, as he stiffened up, and she faces Emilia as she said
[Meili: No need to woorry. I just wanted to let you guys know how blessed you are because of how you don’t have to worry about that thiing.]
[Subaru: Ahh geez, I really am no match for Meilii-san!]
Subaru loosens up thanks to Meili’s words, and he gave her a full compliment from the bottom of his heart.
Emilia was surprised from that change, but after Meili’s got surprised, she immediately appeared to be satisfied.
[Meili: Reeally? Is this it? Does Onii-san see me in a new light now?]
[Subaru: Yeah, I seriously respect you. I sincerely felt just how dangerous this place would be, had you not come along. The Augria Sand Dunes are scary! Scaaaaaaaary!!]
He now understood one way how the many reckless adventurers didn’t come back from them daring to conquer this place.
He understood that they certainly were extremely daring.
It was the absurdity of fooling themselves by believing that the initiation of the sand dunes would be easy. Hooray for peace. Peace is the best.
[Beatrice: You’re flattering her quite a lot, I suppose. I’m disgusted.]
[Subaru: Shut up! Weren’t you scared too!? “Ah, I’m scared!”]
[Beatrice: I―I was only with you because you were nervous. Don’t get the wrong idea.]
[Subaru: Don’t act so tough. You pissed yourself a little just like I did. I can tell.]
[Beatrice: Piss, I suppose!?]
Their quarrel started like a comedy episode, but nobody could blame them for it at the time.
It seemed like mabeasts would approach them if they caused a fuss, but the power of the being who countered that had been adequately proven. Thus, even Julius didn’t try to stop their quarrel.
He simply readjusted his consciousness to realize that the ice they were walking on was thinner than he’d imagined.
That was the first day of the conquering of the sand dunes when they reflected that just that thought had enough significance.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
Suddenly, light ran through the sky, and it penetrated the wind.
[――――]
It makes a violent sound, and the ice tower that received a direct hit smashed in half as it crumbled down.
The pulverized ice tower immediately reduces into mana, and every little bit of it that fell down was swallowed into the sand, disappearing from the world without any ruin, without a trace.
The light continued several times more, and it ran through the sky in succession.
Coincidentally, matched the same amount of times the silver haired girl established the ice tower.
Nobody knew what that meant at this point of time.
They simply understood that the conquering of the sand maze was by no means a simple matter.
That was the only established fact.


Chapter 9
The first day of conquering the Augria Sand Dunes finished immediately after sunset.
Once it became midnight, the “Sand Time” would arrive, which was a time when it’d blow the longest, happening three times a day. If they unreasonably advanced in the sand filled with miasma, it’d ruin their bodies, and they might lose their path.
If they couldn’t even see the sign of the Pleiades watchtower, then it would be wise to sit back, regaining their strength at night and spending the night to restore their energy for tomorrow.
[Subaru: Maybe I should’ve asked earlier, but will the mabeast countermeasures work when we’re sleeping too?]
[Meili: Of coourse. Having your butt chewed by animals you brought is such a stupid thought that it’s not even fuunny.]
Subaru knew a few of the Augria Sand Dunes’ menaces, or rather, he was quite unsure of them. Meili was proud as she smiled at Subaru’s fear.
She appeared to be in a good mood ever since the earthworm incident, perhaps because of how she had proved her worth. Subaru understood that getting her in a good mood had benefits to their lives’ safety, so from hereon out, he wanted to be serious about dealing with that too.
Anyways, it was night.
Subaru and the others positioned themselves at an easily seen sandy plain in the middle of the sand dunes, and they started the sand protection preparations. Having said that, they didn’t have to make very many preparations.
Putting aside how the responsibility weighed on one person, the method really was simple.
[Subaru: Alright, Emilia-tan. Sorry for always relying on you, but please!]
[Emilia: Okay, make sure to move away a bit. ――Take this!]
Emilia let out a flat yell and used her magic just like when she raised the ice tower. Then, an ice wall formed on the east side of the halted dragon carriage, which would act as defense against the sand wind, shutting out the sand entirely.
If there was no worry about the ice melting, then it’d also protect them against petty mabeasts. It looked and felt cold, but after they’d close their eyes, it would work well enough.
[Julius: I can’t help feeling uncomfortable because of how we’re always being spoiled by Emilia-sama’s powers.]
[Emilia: It’s fine. I said it before, didn’t I? Subaru and Julius will be the ones doing their best when we move. Also, I’ve said this too, but I am in reeaally good condition.]
[Subaru: Seems like you’d usually start to feel sick. I feel like it’s dangerous in that way.]
Emilia looks at the ice wall, and she flexes at Julius as he sighed. Subaru sees Emilia’s soft, white upper arm at the side, and he thought about how he should pay attention to Emilia’s condition.
The sand dunes’ air that had miasma drifting about really did have a particular “heaviness” to it.
That heaviness was vaguely working on Subaru’s body, and it seemed to also have an effect on Beatrice and Julius being taciturn. It may also be related to Anastasia and Ram being quiet inside the dragon carriage.
On other hand, Emilia and Meili seemed to be in condition, Meili being the same as before.
He didn’t think they had common traits, but he had to watch out for any more extreme effects appearing, although the truth is that he wanted to quickly get out of the sand dunes.
[Julius: Impatience is forbidden, although I do not understand why you want to rush over the path.]
[――――]
Julius looks up at the eastern sky blocked by ice, and he calls out to Subaru, who kept silent. Subaru felt like he saw through him, so he snorted his nose and turned away from the ice wall. Then, Patrasche came near Subaru, and she pushed her nose on his shoulder.
Subaru felt her doing it over and over, and he gave a bitter smile.
[Subaru: So, are you going to try and calm me down, too?]
[Beatrice: It’s not like I want to. It’s not like the initiative has been taken, either, I suppose.]
Beatrice pushes his back, and she turns away, although previously she had been looking up at him meaningfully.
Subaru scratches his head, thinking about how her irritation was obvious. After Emilia saw that, she also looked at Subaru with kind eyes. When their eyes met, she waved her small hand at him.
Subaru suddenly feels embarrassed, and he clapped his hands.
[Subaru: Alright, a place to sleep has been secured thanks to Emilia, so let’s get ready for tomorrow. The “Sand Time” ends at dawn, so until then let’s……]
[Emilia: Before that, Ram needs to be healed.]
[Subaru: Ah, true. That’s right. Okay, then I’ll be depending on Emilia-tan and Beako for that.]
Subaru tries to quickly pour out topics, and he gets stopped by Emilia, as she tried to follow the daily routine. Emilia and Beatrice nod at Subaru’s anticipations, and the healing began with the men being put outside.
Also, as for why Subaru and Julius were put outside while the healing began――
[Ram: ――mm]
One could tell that the healing had started because of the voice that could be heard faintly, although it came from over the door.
It was Ram’s enthusiastically shaking voice that sounded like she was enduring pain. A faint light rises inside the dragon carriage, and the healing takes place through the mana that combined four attributes.
Mana pours into the wound from having lost her horn. On one hand, Ram’s situation was pitiful, as she received her healing, and it really did feel like something erotic somehow.
That’s why they refused to have the men with them during healing, ever since it was witnessed the first day.
[Subaru: I don’t get why Roswaal thought of making you do that repeatedly.]
[Julius: In a way, it’s definitely an honorable role. Ram is charming and pretty. However, when I think about the obvious matter of who she has eyes for, I honestly can’t be pleased with it.]
[Subaru: Roswaal should know that too, why these kind of things are being done. ……Is this when you wonder why Ram is doing that much?]
[Julius: There are things you cannot plan about people’s relationships from outside, even more so when it’s a relationship between a man and a woman. To speak of extremes, I’m pretty sure I didn’t say that my first meeting with you was a good one. Or at least, I didn’t think I’d do something equivalent of going on a journey where my life would be at risk.]
[Subaru: ……..Well, I guess so.]
Hearing the lovely voice from the back made Subaru’s face faintly turn red as he scratched his nose.
Julius had a nonchalant face, but it was a very strong stimulus to the naive teenager. But still, they couldn’t get sniffed out by dangerous mabeasts. It couldn’t be helped. It was necessary.
[Anastasia: You look quiiiiite conflicted, Natsuki-kun.]
[Subaru: Uwooooah?]
When Subaru was quietly listening carefully, the breath that blew against his ears made him jump. He loses his posture, and tumbles onto the sand. He saw Anastasia come around to him from the other side of the dragon carriage. Julius, who had been watching out for Subaru’s panicking, grins at Anastasia, and he looks at him tumble.
[Julius: You got a little too surprised. It’s as if you were thinking of something evil.]
[Subaru: Huh? It’s not like I was thinking of something evil or anything, you know? Yeah, I don’t know what you’re talking about. Not at all. Not one bit. So, what do you need, Anastasia-san? I’ll listen to anything!]
[Anastasia: You are really bad at fooling people, aren’t you. Well, it’s fine. Natsuki-kun may have been interested in what was going in side, but I have something important to talk to you about.]
Subaru shakes off the dark disdain in Julius’ eyes, and he gives a thumbs up to Anastasia. Anastasia smiles wryly at that reaction, and she steps over the sand as she says
[Anastasia: Wow, it’s hard to walk. You and Julius seem fine, eh.]
[Julius: I’ve trained, although I wouldn’t go as far as to say that it was for this specific occasion.]
[Subaru: When you feel unsure of your footsteps, don’t walk slow in attempts to check them, leave it up to the firmness of your shoes’ soles, and take relatively hard steps. This is the Clind method.]
It was the basis of the rough road running style he learned from the all purpose butler Clind when he was learning parkour.
Anastasia gave an admiring nod at those words, and after that, she lowered the neck of her robe, and the lower part of her face showed. She takes a deep breath.
[Anastasia: I don’t understand, but it seems breathing gets hard to do. This is when I’d like to quickly go to somewhere safe from the sand wind and breathe as much as I want.]
[Subaru: Agreed. Then, I’d like to take a bath. My head is already smeared with sand.]
It was also him understanding the reason as to why people at desert areas would wear turbans on their heads.
The counter measure for sand, heat, and cold that the people living on rigorous land had made sense, although that was inevitable. Subaru also had cloth moderately rolled up, but it couldn’t withstand these type of conditions.
[Anastasia: A bath sounds good, yeah. It would be nice if the “Sage”‘s home has a bath.]
[Subaru: ……Of course, I don’t know that much. Is it like that?]
[Anastasia: Even if Echidna knew how to get there, it’s not like I’ve ever been in it.]
Anastasia pulls down the neck of her robe even more, and she shows the scarf that she always wore. Eridna being the journey’s guide was a major premise this time.
There was no point in doubting her, but he wanted to work out the details.
[Subaru: I can assume that you’re going to tell me important things hereon out, right?]
[Anastasia: Of course.]
[Julius: I will listen gladly.]
Anastasia sticks out her thin chest, and Subaru and Julius get ready to listen. Anastasia accepts, and she looks back at the dragon carriage pompously as she said
[Anastasia: We’ll be staying the night inside the carriage starting today……..but you two boys need to sleep sleep at the front seat. Can’t have you getting carried away with the women and children in a small room, after all.]
[Subaru: That’s enough of that!]
[Anastasia: Hey, I just thought I’d loosen the tension…….ah, oh well.]
It was too late and unthinkable to stay in the same room in the first place. His own courage and this person’s wariness were enough for him to understand that.
Anyhow, Subaru screaming his inner thoughts was put aside, and Anastasia went into the main topic.
[Anastasia: We’ve moved forward aiming for the watchtower today…….but was it challenging?]
[Subaru: Even if you ask that……to be honest, the results weren’t anything special.]
Subaru puzzles at her question, and he reflects on the day.
They arrived at the Augria Sand Dunes during noon, letting the morning’s “Sand Time” pass by, and after that, they spent nearly half the day moving. They passed the “Sand Time” that happened during the afternoon, and it was now sunset. As for the results that were had up to this point, they would be――
[Subaru: The tower being perfect as a sign, and the mark for the way back that I requested of Emilia-tan. Also, Meili was more effective than I thought. Those were the results, I guess?]
[Julius: The countermeasures for the “Sand Time” were perfect with previous preparations and Subaru’s quick thinking. But, the question is the Pleiades watchtower, and why we can’t see the route up to there…..perhaps.]
[Subaru: Can’t see the route?]
Subaru frowns at Julius, him having taken over speaking, and at the differing conclusion. Julius sighs at Subaru as he says “You didn’t realize that?”.
[Julius: It is true that we’ve gotten this far in our journey, even without any deficiencies. I’m also in agreement with the opinion that we cannot let ourselves get out of shape.]
[Subaru: Don’t beat around the bush. It’s a bad habit. Say it more directly.]
[Julius: Then I will make it concise. ――Subaru, did you not notice the tower’s disaster?]
[――――]
Julius asks him a question quietly, and Subaru gulped.
After that, the watchtower――he saw through the other side of the ice wall, and he stared at the mighty majesty that asserted itself lightly, even in the night.
Even after Julius pointed out a disaster, Subaru could not understand the watchtower’s abnormality. Nothing should’ve been different about the tower that he had been staring at the whole day, compared to how it was when they had arrived to the sand dunes.
――Nothing should have been different.
[Subaru: ――!?]]
[Julius: Seems like you’ve figured it out. That tower clearly isn’t getting closer, nor is it getting any farther. We’ve been aiming at that tower, walking towards it this whole time…..but the distance isn’t closing.]
Just like Julius pointed out, Subaru finally understood that abnormality.
The faraway looking Pleiades watchtower continued to be there, with a size that made it feel like it’d be impossible to miss it, without change. There was no sort of change in how you’d see it.
[Subaru: No way……]
[Julius: Subaru, I understand your frustration. However, we have to keep our heads up and……]
[Subaru: So, going through all that trouble today, being smeared with sand, and the distance we walked were all a waste!? Conquering this place is such a pain in the ass!]
[Julius: ……Sure?]
Subaru kicks the sand at his feet, raising his voice, and Julius was at a loss for words. Subaru squats on the ground in front of Julius, him being disturbed, and he scoops out sand with his palm as he pouted.
[Subaru: Hey hey hey hey, you serious? I’ve suddenly become tired after finding that out. Saying that those efforts were a waste seriously just sucks ass. Wow, this is the worst.]
[Anastasia: You have weaker mental fortitude than I thought.]
[Subaru: What are you looking at!? Don’t you see me suffering this much!? I’m extremely depressed, and I feel extremely awful. You should’ve said something earlier when you noticed it!]
[Julius: I thought to not say anything until I was sure. I didn’t want to discourage you.]
[Subaru: This is how you people……]
He throws away the sand he scooped up, and he stood up while clapping his hands. Subaru glares at Julius from below, who seemed to be looking down, and he acted indignant.
[Subaru: Can you stop thinking like that? It’s not like I’ll get mad when you talk about something that came to your mind! Rather, we might find a clue from it. Do you guys have a “I’ll just keep this inside of me” sort of mentality? Has that really made the situation better at all? Not once have I thought that I should have kept quiet!]
[Julius: Ah, ahhh, sorry.]
[Subaru: Speak up immediately, even if it’s something trivial. This is something that Ram said too, someone who is a disabled character in our conquering of this place. Does it need to be said to everyone?]
When Subaru became dumbfounded by the incompleteness of the three Ts: told, tell, talk about, Julius also made a reflective look. Once Subaru ruled over the “Best Knight”, which rarely would happen, he picked out “good enough” from the many inconveniences, and he turned to Anastasia.
[Subaru: So, I guess it’s safe to assume you know what’s up with this phenomenon.]
[Anastasia: I thought about the insufficient explanation…..or rather, I also felt confident about my suspicions all day. It would help if you thought of it like that.]
[Subaru: Start from when you had those suspicions. That’s all. So, what’s going on?]
Subaru sticks his tongue out at Anastasia, who said her excuses before talking, and he prompted her to continue. When he did, Anastasia said “Please don’t get surprised when you hear this” as a preface and
[Anastasia: About these sand dunes and the sandy plain between the watchtower, the space is distorted.]
[Subaru: The space is distorted……?]
[Anastasia: In other words, the land isn’t connected, unlike what you see. If we continue walking with it being like this, weeell, we proooobably wouldn’t reach it, no matter how long we walked.]
Anastasia nonchalantly clarifies the truth of the impact, and Subaru could not close his mouth. The Anastasia who was equivalent to Eridna should’ve known it from the beginning, considering how it sounded as if that matter was being told from Eridna.
[Subaru: So I guess that’s why Reinhard and all the other challengers couldn’t reach it.]
[Anastasia: The destination itself can be seen there. If the distance could be closed…..if they were able to frantically escape the mabeasts den along the way, it could be seen even more, and they probably could not help but want to go further.]
[――――]
For some reason, he thinks of the adventurers’ regret from breaking down halfway after having their goal in front of them.
It was the obstacle that obstructed the people that aimed for the watchtower, and the obstacle that even Reinhard gave up on. The distorted space and the end of the sand sea that actually couldn’t be reached――perhaps those were the tricks.
[Subaru: How do you defeat that?]
[Anastasia: ……Aren’t you kinda missing the point by asking about defeating and not defeating it? This is a trap of nature created by the miasma. There’s nooo type of unnatural power going on here.]
[Subaru: A trap of nature!? This!?]
It was an extremely rare set up trap, which had a nature that he felt didn’t have anything but an intent to kill with how it was.
The frequently seen mirages at deserts, and the snow covered roads that continued on the cliffs of heavy snow areas. Thinking about it generally, humans could get killed by things like bottomless swamps and being pulled in by rising tides.
However, as you’d expect, this watchtower was――
[Subaru: This is a trap made by nature? That’s an exaggeration, isn’t it?]
[Julius: Well, the Pleiades watchtower was built at a place where the phenomenon happens. If you think about it that way, it’s not unnatural. Also, it makes sense.]
[Subaru: It makes sense? In what way?]
[Julius: You cannot forget. Yes the sand dunes lead to the watchtower, but you can’t forget that the thing is not just a tower that is ahead of the sand dunes. Why do you think the watchtower is there in the first place?]
Julius chides Subaru, as he was talking in a rude tone, and he urges him to think. He immediately had an answer come to mind for his question. The watchtower they were aiming for was a seal of the “Witches’ Shrine”.
And assuming that the sand dunes’ unsurpassed trap was the witch cult’s deterrence to revive the “Witch of Jealousy”, it was probably extremely effective.
He wouldn’t stubbornly put the blame on that.
[Subaru: …….! Fine. Anyway, forget the details about why that tower was built there. I’m concerned about something else. It’s how we’re going to break through that distorted space.]
[Anastasia: You do know that we can’t remove the source of it, right? This is the type of soil we’re on.]
[Subaru: That’s OK. I’ve understood the terrain and the product. Next, let’s look for a weakness. Since you volunteered to be a guide, that would be natural, right? To find a loophole.]
[Anastasia: There’s no way there isn’t one. ……Putting it as something like a loophole is sketchy, though.]
Anastasia smiles wryly at Subaru, who continued to pressure her, and she showed a pompous sort of attitude. After that, she nods at Subaru and Julius, who gazed at her, and she said it.
[Anastasia: During that “Sand Time”, there should be a moment when the space connected to the watchtower collapses. We’ll go through there, and we’ll enter the real sand sea. That’s the condition of breaking through, you see.]

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
――They had consecutive, very difficult situations with their attack on the sand dunes that started the next day.
The conditions for Anastasia’s discovered path to the watchtower all had to be intact. In other words, most of their traveling would become white space until “Sand Time”, and meanwhile, they had expectations of it being unmanageable.
However, that anxiety was
[Anastasia: Even when it’s “Sand Time”, reaching the opening will depend on luck. Thinking about it that way, staying at one place doesn’t sound like a bad idea.]
[Meili: Also, if we alwaays stay at one place, the animals around it might remember our smell. I’ll be fine, buut if by any chance you lose me or something, then they’ll chase you everywhere.]
It was Anastasia and Meili’s opinions of how to survive without problems.
The former opinion was a bit unreliable, but the latter opinion was about how their life was on the line. It wasn’t something he wanted to think about too much, but turning away from danger would be mere cowardice. Daring to truly be brave, facing fears, and still fighting was something invaluable.
[Subaru: Right, Emilia-tan?]
[Emilia: ――? Yeah, right.]
[Subaru: Emilia-sama. You shouldn’t take it so seriously. This is the time to make a face for a stupid occasion.]
He talked with the face inside the dragon carriage periodically, but his motivation didn’t go down, even after hearing that yesterday’s traveling was a waste.
They had quite a lot of flexibility with things like the food and water made at Milra. He wanted to believe that there was nothing to worry about, since the miasma’s effect was mitigated by Emilia and Beatrice’s spirit techniques.
[Subaru: Actually, I’m getting stressed out from not knowing how many days we’ll have to work.]
[Beatrice: Subaru, spit out the gravel in your mouth without swallowing. Even if it’s not a lot, it’s sand that has miasma, I suppose. If you deal with it improperly, you’ll have a painful experience later.]
Beatrice became completely used to the feeling of tasting sand in her mouth, and she warned Subaru, who wasn’t being very cautious. When Beatrice brought out the water container from her pocket, who was in Subaru’s arms just like always when they’d ride dragons, she said
[Beatrice: Look, I’ll rinse your mouth, I suppose. I’ll at least clean the inside of your mouth, the part that can’t be bathed in water.]
[Subaru: Yeah yeah……come to think of it, you’re clean even without taking a bath.]
[Beatrice: That’s because most of my body is made up of mana, I suppose. Of course, I always seem clean. Me being pretty anywhere at any time is a given, I suppose.]
[Subaru: Yeah yeah, cute cute.]
Beatrice pouted at Subaru’s apathetic response, but he patted her head, and he played with her drills pushed into her robe. She had it braided today.
[Subaru: Oh, we’ve discovered a group of mabeasts again. They only seem like mere animals when they surround us like that.]
[Meili: If they go away from me and come close, people like Onii-san will get bitten at once. It’s strange, but aall the animals around here stare at Onii-san.]
He brings Patrasche near the dragon carriage, and he looks at the group of mabeasts that gathered at a place deviating from their path horizontally. Just like Meili said, she had looked at Subaru with a curious expression, and she murmured “Weeird”.
It seemed liked the girl did not know about Subaru’s “Witch Scent” that he had. Subaru thought about it having the same nature as the miasma, but it seemed like he wouldn’t be able to understand the true essence of it. Anyhow, even if that scent faded from Subaru, it seemed like the nature of it luring the mabeasts did not disappear.
[Subaru: Oh, Could that be a nostalgic mabeast? Ram, take a look!]
[Ram: It’s really discomforting how you talk about that like it’s a part of my memories. They’re nothing but painful memories to me, as well as to you, Barusu.]
The group of madogs that were looking at them from afar were the same disastrous mabeasts that attacked the former Roswaal residence. Ram acted harsh towards Subaru, who got enthusiastic unintentionally.
[Subaru: Don’t say that. If I were to depict what they are to me, you, and Rem, I’d say that they built the bridges between us. If they weren’t there, maybe I wouldn’t even be here right now. When you think about that, we don’t have a bad relationship with the……..wait, it is bad! It’s shit!]
[Ram: Stop killing your own enthusiasm by yourself. Watching you makes me feel pity, listening to you makes me feel miserable, and just thinking about it makes me feel miserable.]
The stress caused by the mabeasts a year ago revived. Ram sighs at Subaru, him heating up, and when she quickly shut the dragon carriage’s window, the conversation ended.
Unfortunately, it couldn’t be helped. That incident from a year ago inside of Ram when Rem lost herself, and when Subaru helped fix it was being repainted. It was obscure to her on how the mabeasts were conquered without Rem, but it seemed she didn’t feel uncomfortable with that amnesia.
If the memory of Rem was revived inside of Ram, then the missing parts would be filled, and topics would mesh well too. He’d think about it when the time would come, although he felt like he’d only get insulted.
[Subaru: Wooow! “Sand Time” is dangerous! “Sand Time” is ridiculous”! Sand wind is dangerous!]
[Emilia: I―I made some ice as soon as I could, but if it’s no good, then tell me, okay?]
[Subaru: It’s already pretty bad! The almighty ice theory is collapsing!]
The crucial “Sand Time” arrived. They jumped towards the sand wind, looked for the space’s distortion connected to the tower, and rushed in, but they were getting hit overwhelmingly by the sand’s fury more than they thought.
It was a particular miscalculation, but the ice wall had performed powerfully to support their venture, and it was a complete defeat of it.
[Subaru: It’s an ice wall, and yet the absurd sand is sticking onto it, so I can’t see what’s in front of me at all! Or rather, receiving wind with a wide area of ice when the wind is so strong is beyond suicidal!]
[Emilia: Eh!? What!? Subaru, did you say something!? I can’t hear you at all!]
[Subaru: The wind is so strong, and this is beyond suicidal!]
[Emilia: Eh!? You want to die!? No, you can’t! Don’t lose courage!]
[Subaru: I didn’t say…….Guwaaaa!! Sand violently got in my eyee!]
[Emilia: Eh!? Say something!? Say it again! Subaru? Subaru――!]
[Subaru: Say it again, such a spartan act is…….guwaaaa!!]
[Emilia: Subaru――!?]
The sand wind that became a gale was already close to being a sandstorm.
They were serious, challenging people, but their interaction sounded like a comedy act.
Even holding the ice board they kept in mind to protect themselves against the thin sand was nothing but suicidal, as they were getting blown against head on by the wind.
However, that strategy’s situation becoming a bottleneck to them was――
[Subaru: Keep going! Hang in there, Gyan! We can only rely on your horsepower]
[――――]
The earth dragon received the sand wind head on, and it was being assaulted in it. It had already gotten through a few days in the days of conquering the sand dunes. The developed bond became its name, and it appeared.
To put it briefly, the Gyrus earth dragon pulling the dragon carriage was named “Gyan”.
Gyan’s tenacity held the key to break through the sand wind. Anyway, the dragon carriage that the girls were on did not have any way to diminish the wind.
As a result, they could only rely on Gyan’s power, having it pull the dragon carriage with strength that wasn’t weaker than the wind.
[Julius: Doing nothing but forcing earth dragons isn’t my thing……but we need you now.]
[Meili: Heey, hang in theere! I don’t wanna go back to the unending sandy plain again!]
Julius cheered on Gyras, him holding onto the bridle, as well as Meili, who sat next to him.
They could believe in that underlying strength, throwing words at Gyras, precisely because they were the ones closest to viewing its tenacity.
[――――]
Emilia and the others couldn’t even open the small window in the wind, but you could bet that they were praying with worry inside the dragon carriage too.
As one countermeasure for the sand, Emilia had to tamper with the dragon carriage somewhat with ice. Even though a board of ice was stuck onto the front and it protected against sand, it could not handle the fierce attacks of wind.
Thus, Subaru’s last resort that he brought out was a molding between things like the formation of a swing that warded off the wind, and a sharp form――he imagined a spear that would pierce fiercely into the sand wind.
[Subaru: It’s a remodel of a mini four-wheel drive. Reducing its weight to make it light would be fatal, so I couldn’t do that, but I did what I could. Alright, go, Gungir――go through it!]
[――!]
Gyan stepped forward with fierce footsteps to respond to Subaru’s shout. The dragon carriage that became a spear bites and tears on the wind closing in on it head on, and it escapes, moving forward, and forward.
Before long, the dragon carriage crowned with that name of a spear of a god stuck itself into the scar of the bitten and torn wind. It gouges out the sand’s tyranny, and then it breaks through――.
[――――]
The moment they escaped the sand wind, what swept over Subaru was extremely sharp silence.
The wind that had made such an intense amount of noise close to their ears, the sand that struck them to shave their whole bodies, and the miasma that excited activity from the mabeasts all vanished as if it was all an illusion.
[――――]
The “Sand Time” certainly had a sudden ending, but it was even more resonating.
The vigor of the wind with sand gradually weakened, and before long, it slowly disappeared as if from being pulled in by waves, and nothing but the smell of the peculiar sand was left.
However, that was not limited to this time. In other words, that was proof of this “Sand Time”‘s ending being a special case.
[――――]
Subaru turns around while feeling thirsty.
When he did, he saw Julius and the others, who escaped the sand wind and were dumbfounded, just like himself. Of course, him being there meant that Gyan and the dragon carriage were there too.
[Subaru: ――Julius.]
[Julius: Hey.]
Subaru called out to him, and Julius gave him an acknowledging gesture with his chin, him having been stiffened up. After that, they both raised their hands at each other, unsure of who did it first, clenched their fists, and showed admiration for each other for breaking through the “Sand Time”.
To Julius’ side, Meili wipes the sand off her body, and she saw him thanking Gyras. Gyras certainly was this journey’s MVP.
It was shown gratitude freely, appreciated, and it had to be rewarded――but
[Subaru: Leave that for later! We broke through! We did it! We d――]
[Beatrice: God! You’re always, always being so loud right in my ears――!!]
Subaru showed his joy, and his chin gets pushed up by the bottom of Beatrice’s palm that came from below.
The excellent blow makes Subaru’s head spin. He topples over from Patrasche like that, and he falls defenselessly onto the sand. Subaru’s head gets buried in sand, getting a large amount of sand in his mouth, and he lashes out at Beatrice, as she immediately got up.
[Subaru: Why’d you do that to me out of the blue!? What’s up with you, people were trying to be joyful! You scared me and made me swallow a bunch of sand!]
[Beatrice: Getting excited by yourself even while holding onto me annoys me! I don’t understand things like downshifts, off-roads, gene shifts, burning souls and all that, I suppose! I was hearing shrills this whooooole time!]
Beatrice turned to Subaru, and she complained to him vehemently while being mounted on Patrasche.
Subaru had various things to say, but he certainly could not deny the feeling that he got a bit excited and he shouted the list of appropriate terms. What was a Gugnir?
[Subaru: Ahem. ……A―anyways, we broke through the “Sand Time” safely. First, let’s celebrate that. Come on, Banzai!]
[Beatrice: ……Banzai, I suppose.]
Putting aside Beatrice’s sulky attitude, they certainly did break through the sand obstacle.
He pats Patrasche’s neck, as she did her best, and he showed his thanks for the braveness of the loving dragon that didn’t show tiredness on her gallant face.
After that, Subaru rushed up to the dragon carriage, and as a way to share his delight――
[Meili: ――Onii-san.]
[Subaru: Ah? What’s wrong? You can be a little more glad too……]
[Meili: Be quiet.]
Meili stops Subaru, him trotting, and her sharp words jump at him as she turned around and looked his way.
What was included in them was a clear warning about danger.
――Subaru wasn’t enough of a fool to mistake what that meant.
[――――]
In response to Subaru, him keeping silent, Meili nodded while putting a finger on her mouth, and she slowly, slowly pointed towards the front with her free hand.
Subaru, Julius, and Beatrice get lured by that movement, and they look forward.
They got through the “Sand Time”‘s sand wind, and the distorted sand sea up to the watchtower was cleared.
Thus, the watchtower’s silhouette that rose up before them was evidently very clear in comparison to how it had been up until now.
He was able to think about the definite distance up to the mark that was created again.
However――
[Subaru: …….What is that?]
Colorful flower beds were spread in front of them to fill the sandy soil that continued to the watchtower.
Advertisement


Chapter 10
ーーJumbled together with the vast land of sand dunes, was a flower meadow with a variety of colours.

It was nighttime, and mysteriously, the light of the stars in the sky of the sand dunes was not visible.
The reason why the look of the sky could not be perceived despite there being no gathering of clouds was that the miasma enshrouding the space above ground covered this vast sea of sand, was the explanation given beforehand.
It was not clear to Subaru, whether the one to give that explanation had been Beatrice, or Emilia or Julius.

But, now, what was clear was, rather than the imperceivable look of the sky, the alarm bell of caution directed from the ground, the ominous bloom of the flower meadow undefeated in front of the darkness of the night.
The vivid, rather venomous flowers were, excessively mismatched in the sea of sand.

Subaru: “The sand dunes’, flower meadow……”

Sensing the unsettling feeling while voicing it as well as he pronounced that word, there, Subaru had already been aware.
Emerging at the back of his mind, was the information gathered in the bar of Mirula. The bartender there, who had lost one of his legs, had spoken of the flower meadows that appear in the sand dunes.

If flower meadows are spotted in the sand dunes, run away at full speed, is what he had said. 
ーーBecause those are the turfs, of the ferocious, ugly Witch Beasts, Courtesan Bears.

Subaru: “But, even if you say run away at full speed……”

Pointing out the weakness in those words, the muttering Subaru, while gazing ahead, stepped back.
The flower meadow was the territory of a Witch Beast, that information was beneficial. There was also the mention of immediately running from the, henceforth, ferocious and atrocious Witch Beast. But, if there was a problem, it was its scale.

“ーーーー”

Keeping their silence, Subaru and the others, who were lined up in a row, held their breaths. In front of the row, having surmounted the menace of 『Sand Time』, broken through the distortion of space, what had appeared was the continuous desert leading to the watchtowerーー those lines of sight, were now filled with the stretching flower meadow.
It was, quite literally, dense enough for there to not be a single spot to step on.

Springing forth all of a sudden in the desert, was the paradise of the flower meadow. There were limits even when it came to shadiness.
It was something that would they would have avoided even without the warning of the bar’s bartender.
That is precisely why, if flying through the sky was an option, then they would have had chosen that and avoided this without any hesitation whatsoever.

Subaru: “Avoiding it, is impossible, you know.”

Murmuring it such that there was no difference between it and a hoarse sigh, Subaru aimed his voice towards Meili.
Under the present conditions, regarding their countermeasures against Witch Beasts, relying on Meili was of an unexpected benefit. What she judged controlled their path, but the complexion of her face, glaring at the flower meadow, was quite pale.
With the formation of cold sweat, blood vanished from her light-complexioned skin. Without the need of any words, she understood the negativity of the emergency, as if having picked it up with her own hands.

“ーーーー”

Slowly, Patrasche, with her large build, drew closer with unbelievable silence. On her back was Beatrice, seeing the instruction in her eyes saying “Jump on, in fact”, Subaru placed his foot on the saddle, and while doing so, silenced all sound and once again positioned himself on top of the dragon.
Whether it was for continuing ahead, or for returning back, it would not be possible for Subaru’s legs, who would get swallowed by the sand.
Even if their judgements were made through the reins, they would have to rely upon the well walking legs of Patrasche for fast movement.

Meili: “……For now, it seems everyone is sleepi~ng.”

“ーーーー”

Holding his breath, how much time had it been since Meili’s judgement had been awaited. As if ten seconds had passed, or to him it felt like it’d been nearly an hour, , Meili spilled that out, as if whispering.
Receiving that, Subaru, with energy draining from his shoulders, brought Patrasche closer to the dragon carriage.
Subaru: “That flower meadow is the turf of the Courtesan Bear…… that would be correct, right?”

Julius: “In addition to the received prior information, for now that doesn’t seem to be wrong. But…… it is just that, the scale is larger than what even I had thought.”

Beatrice: “That difference in scale, is addition of something as cute as it being twice or thrice, I suppose.”

Letting out a single sigh, Subaru and the rest, facing each other, exchanged their thoughts.
Julius and Beatrice too, at the great reception surpassing their expectations, were in a state of having lost their voices. The ones inside the dragon carriage, Emilia and the rest, their voices of delight after having broken through 『Sand Time』 too, had come to a halt, as they were showing their faces through the small window, wondering what had occurred.

Emilia: “Subaru, did something happen? The sound of the sand breeze can’t be heard anymore……”

Subaru: “We did a splendid job clearing 『Sand Time』. And, just when I thought we had cleared the first barrier, we’re now standing, expecting the next, second barrier immediately. As you can see.”

Emilia: “As you can see you say…… Ah.”

Seeing the clearly visible flower meadow at a single glance through the small window, Emilia’s throat froze in shock. She had also heard what the bar’s bartender had said. Of course, the information she recollected must also have been the same.
Emilia repeatedly blinked her eyes, and beside her, Anastasia and Ram also showed their faces. The two also gazed at the flower meadow, and grimaced at the cruelty of the trials to reach the tower.

Subaru: “Even after passing through the sand wind and 『Sand Time』, the obstacle this time are the flower meadows, huh. Regarding the territory of these Courtesan Bears, does Anastasia happen to know something?”

Anastasia: “Guidin’ is my business, expectin’ anythin’ more than that’d be a problem. That bein’ said, this seriously is a bit of a problem. What should be done.”

Holding expectations from the opinion of the unexpressed Eridna, she, while shrugging her shoulders, did not seem to possess a plan to overcome the obstacle. Subaru let out a long breath from his nose, and looked at Meili.

Subaru: “Meili, with your physical constitution, you can draw in the Witch Beasts, right? Courtesan Bears too, can’t you pull them out from the flower meadow?”

Meili: “……That’s difficu~lt. If it’s ten, twenty, or even if it’s hundred, I ca~n, but a number more than that and there’ll be some children to whom my instructions won’t rea~ch.”

Subaru: “There’s a limit to the number, huh.”

Meili: “There’s also a limit on the quality~. Even I, can’t tell arou~nd the White Whale or the Great Rabbit. The Courtesan Bear is at that point, it’s compatibility with me is ba~d. Very different from the Shadow Lion.”

Subaru: “Shadow Lion…… Ah, that large one who showed up at the mansion, right.”

Putting a limit to their conversation about old memories, Subaru considered Meili’s opinion and glared at the flower meadow.
Countless, a vast paradise of flowersーー just as expected, even the estimate of the number of Witch Beasts could not be determined. But, it was clear that it was easily more than a hundred, which was Meili’s limit.

Julius: “In the present situation, it could be said that the choices we have are to either 『Continue』 or 『Return』.”

Facing Subaru, who had drowned in silence, the driver Julius said that lifting two of his fingers, and tilting his neck.
Seeing Julius’ fingers, Subaru inhaled.

Subaru: “The choice to return wasn’t there from the beginning, you know. It’ll be a waste after clearing 『Sand Time』 but, with that, nothing of the problem will get solved. Going ahead is meaningless too.”

Julius: “If we get under a different 『Sand Time』, or if we take a different path entirely we may able to challenge the watchtower. Putting a halt to consideration and plugging up its path, isn’t that simply drawing a hasty conclusion?”

The 『Sand Time』 that occured thrice in the day, amongst them lay the correct answer, and that was Julius’ insistence. What Subaru and the others had escaped out from was the 『Sand Time』 of late night. Others were the 『Sand Time』 of morning and afternoon but, was it possible that the place that would be reached through would differ as different 『Sand Times』 were chosen.
No, gesturing that, Subaru shook his head.

Subaru: “For argument’s sake, even if a different path was to be taken, I don’t think it can possibly guarantee the safety of the path all the way to the watchtower. Here are the flower meadows but, there’s the possibility of there being a different obstacle someplace else. Probably, no enjoyable path has been arranged at all.”

Julius: “……Certainly. Slightly, excessive hopeful observation, huh.”

Subaru: “On top of that, possibly, the situation of Meili being there and the turf of the Courtesan Bears. This one is actually the best path, that’s also a possibility, you know?”

Julius: “This time, excessive pessimism, huh. As always, it is your forte to denounce and uplift, isn’t it.”

Subaru: “I don’t remember ever aiming for that. All right then, Meili. What about you?”

Harshly telling Julius, who rounded his eyes at how unfavourable the situation was, Subaru turned towards Meili.
Silent, gazing intently at the flower meadow, Meili, at Subaru’s words, said “Hm……” with her gaze cast downwards.

Meili: “The number is painful, but if you tell me to do it then I’ll try doing i~t. It’s not like I have  to listen to everything which all of the animal-san’s have to sa~y.”

Subaru: “You don’t need to for everything, you say……?”

Meili: “For passing through the flower meadow, it would be fine if just the minimum number of Courtesan Bears are quietly gotten rid o~f. If a path is opened up, for the rest I’ll have them obediently sleep. If they’re not attacked then it can be somehow managed with tha~t.”

As if gaining certainty in her thoughts while answering the doubt, strength returned to Meili’s voice.
At the very least, she had a stance of respecting Subaru’s chance of 『Continuing』. That was something to be genuinely grateful for. Subaru nodded to Meili, and then looked at everyone’s faces.

Subaru: “I think we should continue. Regardless of what’s chosen, there can be no return without jumping into the risk. It’s about there being some solution to the problem rather than just running away from it.”

Ram: “Even though you rely on others to attain your own objectives, isn’t that quite something to declare with that mouth.”

Ram fired bitter words at Subaru, who’d suggested to proceed.
Receiving her “typical” words, Subaru let out an “Oh” and raised his thumb.

Subaru: “Ultimately, it’s no mistake that we have to rely on Meili. By any chance, if it ends up being that we have to attack the Witch Beasts, then we’ll have to rely on Emilia-tan or Julius, or Beako. How wicked.”

“ーーーー”

Subaru: “Oh, also, Patrasche too. My bad, my bad.”

He caressed his beloved dragon’s head, who’d raised her neck up as if discontent at having her name absent as one of the members he could rely on.
Against that pathetic declaration of Subaru’s, Ram, with a frankly astonished expression, shrugged her shoulders.

Ram: “Having self-awareness will be of no help. At best, in that unlikely scenario, fulfill the role of a decoy.”

Subaru: “Hearing that is also pretty nostalgic. You may not remember it though.”

“ーーーー”

At the words somewhat pertaining to the past, Ram made an anxious face.
Those were words like those in the forest of the Witch Beasts, or on the morning of the day they headed out to the capital for the Royal Selection, which he had been slapped with by Ram. With Rem’s existence disappearing from her memories, and accompanying memories altered, now, where must have the back and forth of that day vanished off to.

Subaru: “Let’s go, to take it back. I don’t want to backtrack for even a second, anymore.”

Emilia: “ーーHm, I guess that’s so. I also think it’s just as Subaru says.”

At Subaru’s decision, who hardened his fist, consented Emilia with a gallant expression.
She touched the pendant on her neck, and stole the feelings of the Spirit sleeping within the Great Magic Stone into her fingers. And, her amethyst eyes earnestly focused on the flower meadow.

Emilia: “Beyond this flower meadow, is the key to precious memories. Let’s go without stopping. For sure, I will make sure to protect everyone.”

Anastasia: “That, isn’t it a bit too uncool coming from a girl?”

At Emilia’s majestic declaration, Anastasia said that as she looked towards Subaru.
Keep quiet, he wanted to return that as response but, the truth is, if it turns out just as how Emilia says, he thought that that would be the best, as there would be nothing to worry about left.

  ※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
  The distance till the Pleiades Watchtower, gauged with his eyes, had roughly decreased several kilometers.
Before crossing through 『Sand Time』, when they had recklessly proceeded through the Augria Sand Dunes, the supposedly visible distance to the watchtower, seemingly of ten kilometers, had not reduced by even a single one.
Compared to that, this reduction of distance was overwhelming, and it could be said that their arrival was right before their eyes.

Subaru: “But anything and everything, comes after escaping away from this nest of the Courtesan Bears.”

Completely filling their field of vision, the flower meadow, on top of the sea of sand enshrined majesty, strongly abhorrent.
The plants having their roots embedded into the ground, such natural ecology was nowhere here. The slightly floating stems or roots were, not growing from the ground, but from, none other than, the bodies of those repulsive brutes.

“ーーーー”

Around when they would be escaping the territory of the Courtesan Bears, what Meili had instructed to Subaru and the others was simpleーー to be as silent as possible.
According to her remarks, the Courtesan Bears were currently lying dormant. They would not thoughtlessly wake them up, but in exchange for that, it seems they would not be able to get an idea of the ferocity of the Witch Beasts getting up after continuing to lay down.

Meili: “The bad animal-san’s being active is the most brutal thi~ng. The exterminated White Whale, when appearing immediately after the fog used to be the most enraged and seemed to be most troublesome too~.”

That was the digression Meili spoke of regarding the White Whale.
Thinking about it in accordance with that exposition of hers, the exact moment when Subaru and the rest had encountered the White Whale at the Lifaus Highway. In other words, immediately afterwards it had woken up, it had been the worst timing.
Memories of suffering resuscitated, he painted his own praise for himself for having that desire of his fulfilled.
Regardless of thatーー,

Meili: “Being angry when woken up goes for everyone, humans, animals, and bad animal-san’s. That’s why~, stay co~mpletely quiet. If you can do just that, I’ll somehow manage from my side.”

Abiding by the remarks of Meili, who possessed such strong will, thus commenced the march of the row who’d clamped down their breathing.
Their battle formation was a substitute for the occasion of capturing the sand dunes, the style of the dragon carriage proceeding further. Sitting as the driver, conveying the intents of the Courtesan Bears was Meili, and in accordance with those aims Julius drove the dragon carriage further. Patrasche, on which Subaru had a good grip on, attached and detached to the rear of that dragon carriage and raced in a single line.

“ーーーー”

Feeling himself bend, Subaru, holding his breath, clutched onto Beatrice’s petite body. Her body temperature could be felt, it seemed that she had stiffened her body and was feeling nervous.
On the side of the dragon carriage, upon the roof of the dragon carriage was present a figure. A figure who need not be suspected, for the familiar silhouette was that of Emilia.

“ーーーー”

Noticing Subaru’s gaze, Emilia aimed her amethyst eyes towards him and raised her hand.
The reason why Emilia was lying in ambush like that upon the roof, was so that she could move instantly in case an issue of some sort rose. Though Subaru would have liked her to quietly stay within the dragon carriage, but with the support of Julius’ Spirit Arts gone, the only ally capable of long range attacks was Emilia. Though it wasn’t as if Beatrice could not do it if she pushed herself, but with a single large blow, Subaru would exhaust his gas.
It was a part of Subaru’s inferiority complex that, in terms of strength, he had to depend upon others, for protecting him as well, if he was present.

If that wasn’t so, if he did not have to do that, perhaps even Rem wouldーー.
The weakness of thinking in that direction, was always present within Subaru.

Subaru: “ーー~hk.”

“ーーーー”

With the rise of such uncompromising emotions beyond his control, the back of Beatrice’s head pushed up his jaw. At Subaru’s surprise, Beatrice snorted her nose.
Focus on what is in front of you right now, is what she must have had meant. Looking overhead once again, Emilia, too, had pointed her finger towards Subaru, and he understood that she was urging for similar caution.

“ーーーー”

Unable to express either compromise or understanding, he exchanged a deep sigh.
The truth was that he wanted to slap his cheek and alter his emotions, but that could put his life at risk, an action that could prove to be deadly.
And, as Subaru’s usual detour of thoughts gave rise to his resolution, the party’s forefront arrived at the flower meadow practically at the same time.

Meili: “Move.”

At once, Gyan halted pulling the dragon carriage, and Meili’s faint voice slipped into the creaking sound of the wheels and was thrown towards the flower meadow.
At first, there being no response to Meili’s call, Subaru gritted his molars.

Meili: “Move.”

Once again, Meili called out the order.
Even still, indeed, no change was born in the flower meadow. In the vexing duration, Subaru’s stomach lining started to grumble with something similar to itchiness.
Andーー,

“ーーーー”

With that distortion, the ground, as if truly being stripped off, the flower meadow “arose”.

“ーーーー”

Without thinking, looking straight at the form of the Witch Beast, Subaru’s throat seized up.
The Witch Beast called the Courtesan Bear, befitting of its name, possessed a figure like that of a bear.

The height of the Courtesan Bear, was perhaps around two meters to three meters. Short legs, in exchange for that, arms long enough to drag on the ground. Its arms visibly concealed under black fur, and claw-like nails growing at the ends, is what he understood.
From the rear to the armpits of that body, the vivid flowers swaying was the sort of impression it projected but, observing that Witch Beast from close proximity, one’s eyes tended to turn towards the front rather than the rear of that body.
Though its physique was concealed by black fur, creeping about that body was not body hair. Closely packed, wrapping the body were the finely jumbled together roots of the flowers. They appeared as if blood vessels that were floating on the skin, the minute roots were covering the body of the Witch Beast.

Subaru: “ーー~hk.”

On the body covered with closely packed roots, the parts which the roots did not reach were abnormally parched, and both the flesh and skin had withered. Its facial features, its cranium had reached the limit of dehydration to the point where it was visibly obvious, and its circular protuberant eyeballs were bloodshot, wielding hatred for everything in this world.
That seemed to be, as if it was slurping the life of the flowers whose roots it had pasted upon its own body.

The Courtesan Bears could not co-exist with the flowers. Clearly, they had taken away the lives of the flowers.

“ーーーー”

The Witch Beast, which gave off an unbearable feeling of revulsion by merely looking at it, followed Meili’s words with sluggish movement.
Slowly pulling out its body from the ground, as the roots got uprooted from the desert from which nothing could be absorbed, a thousand sounds of snapping limitlessly chained.
For opening up space just so that the dragon carriage could pass, the moving Courtesan Bears reached a hundred in count. And as if knowing no end, their numbers continued to increase.

Julius: “Hugh.”
  Faintly, Julius’ sigh was audible, as the dragon carriage resumed proceeding.
Julius, in that state, with his body hair standing up due to the spectacle in front of his sight, must have failed to put up with it. Attached to the rear of the dragon carriage, Subaru and the others as well entered the path bloomed open by the Courtesan Bears.

Subaru: “……Ugh.”

At exactly that instant, when Subaru’s sense of smell crossed the threshold of the Courtesan Bears’ turf, a violent aroma of flowers could be felt.
It seemed to be different from the stench of the time of confronting the Sand Earthworm, with respective difference in quality from that, the sweet scent jumbled together in the situation did not mean that the sense of violence had changed.
Their nostrils were invaded, their intracerebral gears simply acquired the hallucination of the sweet scent.

“ーーーー”

Developing serious dizziness, the repulsive stench awakened a headache.
Something so exasperating, that he would not mind the sand gusts at all compared to this. This toxic aroma coiling up within his whole body must be driven away, is what he thought with utter seriousness.

Such wishes of Subaru were fruitless, and in the absence of any flow of wind, the party proceeded towards the interior of the interior of the flower meadow.

Subaru: “ーー~hk.”

As if having noticed something, Beatrice pulled Subaru’s sleeve. Looking at her wondering what had come up, she was incessantly concerned regarding something behind them.
Turning around at that gesture whilst keeping that repulsive premonition in mind, the meaning of Beatrice’s reaction could be understood.
The space in the flowers that opened up in accordance with Meili’s instructions, looking at the passage of the dragon carriage and Patrasche, from the close proximity to that till the very end, the scenery was steadily returning to how it originally was.

Meili’s orders came true, and the dragon carriage being able to pass at this particular point in time according to the instructions had been achieved. Returning to their original positions, and entering into the state of lying dormant, could that be their plans.
Even if they did not intend to return, they were still unable to stop mid-way. Of course, taking a break in the midst of this nest of these Witch Beasts, such jokes needed to be refrained from as well.

Subaru: “ーー?”

The moment immediately after he’d thought that, the dragon carriage’s advance came to a pause.
Looking at the front wondering what had happened, the reason behind the dragon carriage’s halt was explicit. A lone Courtesan Bear, in front of the dragon carriage, got up and stood still, and turned those hollow eyes towards the two drivers.

“ーーーー”

With that one alone making suspicious movements, the movements of the Courtesan Bears in the vicinity too, started to change. The feet of the Courtesan Bears, who had, till now, stolidly and obediently made way, stopped, and as if tracing the actions of the one staring at the dragon carriage, their gazes accumulated on the dragon carriage.

ーーThis is bad, was the intuitive realisation Subaru had.

Looking back, they had already covered several hundreds of meters since entering the flower meadow. With the pathway behind plugged up, it was clear that they had been surrounded by the Courtesan Bears from all directions. Their numbers were in the hundreds, or possibly even in the thousands. A violent difference in numbers.

“ーーーー”

Thinking that far, his gaze entwined with that of Emilia’s, who was on top of the roof.
Emilia was looking down onto the Courtesan Bear in front, and was puzzled over what kind of judgement she should deal it. If the outbreak of a fight, just as till now, could be avoided, then clearing the frontward of the dragon carriage with Emilia’s magic, and running through was the optimal way.
However, she did not want to mistake the timing and rush things too fast.

Meili: “Shhーー”

And in front of Subaru and the rest who were puzzled regarding their judgement, the one with utmost composure was Meili.
Putting a finger on her lips, she calmed the indecisive Subaru and the others beforehand. Following afterwards, she pointed the finger she had on her lips towards the front, and scowled at the Courtesan Bear looking at her.

Meili: “Tch tch tch.”

A finger pointing outwards, and a sound, as if flicking her tongue, leaked out of Meili’s lips.
That was a sigh, like what humans made to soothe kittens. If the subject truly was a kitten then it would give a pleasant impression as well, but with the fiendish Witch Beast as the subject, there was no mitigation whatsoever.
However, all of Meili’s fingers jolted at her tongue’s sound, and gradually, the Courtesan Bear’s line of sight shifted, from the two drivers, to Meili alone, and then moved to Meili’s fingers.

Meili: “Tch tch tch…… tch~.”

At the same pace, obtaining certainty that the Courtesan Bear’s focus was on the finger, Meili slowly swung her hand, which had her fingers pointed towards the right of the dragon carriage. Lured to the movement of that arm, the Courtesan Bear, which had brought the dragon carriage to a standstill, turned its face towards that and moved, taking a single step in that direction.

Subaru: “ーーAh.”

At the Courtesan Bear’s conduct, of distancing itself away from the dragon carriage, a reflexive sigh of relief leaked out of Subaru’s throat.
Emilia or Beatrice too, who had stiffened their bodies up, too, loosened their shoulders in relief. When the one who had caused a standstill moved, the other Courtesan Bears too, tried to return to their own movements of distancing themselves.
At the same pace, the march through the flower meadow resumedーー was how it was supposed to be.

“ーーーー~hk!!”

At that moment, the thread of tension snapped, and nobody could be condemned for raising their voice.
Suddenly, in the situation of enduring under compulsion of utmost limits of the stalemate, the thing known as the heart could not stand strong. That goes for humans, and for Ground Dragons as well.

Showered upon with the pressure of losing to the Courtesan Bear, Gyan, gave out a short growl, and stamped its feet on the ground, as if enraged.

Subaru: “Oh shーー ~hk.”

At Gyan’s roar, which abruptly cut off the silence, the Courtesan Bears, which were in a state of lying dormant, reacted altogether at once. The one attempting to distance itself away from the dragon carriage turned back, and that reaction infected the environs as wellーー the Witch Beasts rose, and leapt upon the dragon carriage with their bare fangs.
Immediately beforeーー,

Emilia: “ーーEl Huma!!”
  The mana materialised rapidly, and the spearhead of the formed ice lance penetrated through the Witch Beast’s cranium.
The sharp vanguard of ice pierced through its large mouth, infringing upon its oral cavity and broke through its nape. Its brain churned, the Courtesan Bear, without raising its voice, collapsed backwards as it faced annihilation. Caught up in that vigour, several Courtesan Bears, without pause, toppled sideways.

Subaru: “Runーー!!”

Shouted Subaru, instantaneously after witnessing the attack by Emilia, who was on top of the dragon carriage.
Concording to that call, Julius operated the reins and the dragon carriage started running fiercely at once. Of course, Patrasche, too, followed that, jumping away from the side of the Witch Beasts standing stock still, and broke off in a savage sprint.

“ーー~hk!”

Subaru: “They’recomingthey’recomingthey’recomingthey’recomingthey’recomingthey’recomingthey’recomingーー ing!!”

Delayed by a single beat, the cutthroat, fierce voice tore apart the night of the Augria Sand Dunes.
The vast flower meadow was shredded apart at once, with fangs and unsightly appearances naked, the flock sloth of Courtesan Bears advanced on, aiming for the dragon carriage fiercely plunging its way through.

Beatrice: “Subaru! Firmly grip on or you will get thrown off, in fact!”

The hallucination bathing in strength, was the pressure of the thirst for blood and appetite of the innumerable Courtesan Bears.
With thick arms endowed with claws turned overhead, their merciless attack struck Subaru as well, who was riding the dragon. A direct hit and his body would get torn off easily, with strength that could assuredly force his internal organs to protrude outwards.
However, just when it was on the brink of striking, a bluish-white glimmer cut in between, and pierced through the Witch Beasts.

Emilia: “Hiy! Yah! Alright ~hk! You…… these, Huma~!”

As always, with the Mana forming a whirlpool and her voice coming from her heart, giving the impression that the bluish-white light was performing a boisterous dance in the dark sky, that was the transformation of countless sharp spearheads pointing above the ground into blades of ice.
That was, immediately after the stagnation of a single moment, firing as if having acquired the propulsive force, tearing the craniums, the arms, the torsos, the legs of the Courtesan Bears swarming upon the dragon carriage into shreds, giving rise to spouts of blood.

Subaru: “O~o~o~o~h! As expected of Emilia-tan! I’ve fallen for you again!!”

Emilia: “This is not the time for saying such things, is it! Run!”

Subaru: “Yes!”

Having his life saved by Emilia’s follow-up, Subaru further accelerated Patrasche.
And with the sudden exchange, Emilia was coping with the fight with such composure that it was surprising. In retrospect, even if Emilia had shirked from fighting, it was not as if fighting intimidated her. The tendency to avoid fighting within her was, the indecision that had been erased once that battle had broken out.

Ram: “Barusu, run till you die. If you do not wish to die!”

Subaru: “Yeah, of courseーー eh, Ram!?”
The tough fight being put up by Emilia, the bluish-white light mowed down the frontward of the dragon carriage altogether, and the group of Courtesan Bears, who had taken a roundabout path, were frozen all at once.
Within Gyan’s rush and breaking through the ice sculpture, sitting on the driver’s seat gripping to the reins, was suddenly now Ram, having moved from the passenger compartment. At Ram, who was skillfully handling the reins, driving the earth dragon which was in an agitated state, Subaru peeled open his eyes and let his gaze wander around.
Subaru: “What about Julius!?”

Ram: “Even if there are no means for a long range attack, it seemed it would be unhelpful if he were to be the driver. That’s why.”

At a glance, Ram looked towards the rear at Subaru’s call. Lured to that line of sight and looking backwards, Subaru thoughtlessly felt dumbfounded.
Biting the sand, beside the dragon carriage with its wheels roaring, clinging onto one of those ornaments, waving about the grasped knight sword, was the form of Julius, clearing away the approaching Witch Beasts.

Julius: “Burdening Emilia-sama with responsibilities and such, cannot be done either, you see.”

Subaru: “Was that directed at me!”

Julius: “That would beーー”

Putting a halt to his words there, Julius had his knight sword meet with the claws of the approaching Witch Beasts. The decapitating slash weaved through the gap of those claws, and deeply gorged into the arms of the Courtesan Bears. At the same pace, the dancing tip of the sword pierced through the throats of the Witch Beasts, who let out screams, and as if a flash, it granted death by destroying their brainstem.
That dance, with minimal destruction, was truly debonair.

Julius: “Wrong.”

Successively crushing the Witch Beasts, Julius voiced what remained of his reply to Subaru while dusting away his sword. Subaru made a bitter face at that gesture, tasting reassurance and a sense of defeat.
Simply, having put Emilia in charge of the long range, clearing away the close range was down to Julius. If that structure were to continue, the concern regarding the dragon carriage could be saved for later.
Rather, the problem was, instead of other affairs, but in this course.

Subaru: “Beako, can you go for it?”

Beatrice: “Subaru too, be careful that you don’t run out of gas, I, supposeーー!”

Above Patrasche, raising his body, Subaru held the reins with one hand, and the armed Beatrice with the other, and made her small body stand on top of the dragon.
And steadily clasping each other’s hands, something throbbed in the interior of Subaru’s guts. That something, as if seeming sediment, wielded heat, and slowly streamed from Subaru’s body into Beatrice’s.

Beatrice: “Minya!”
  The crystals of violet materialised with the chant, and aimed for the Witch Beasts blocking the path ahead of the Ground Dragon’s nose. Accurate aiming, momentary advancement, the outcome visible immediately afterwards.
Raising a sound as that of shattering glass, the magical attack directly struck the Witch Beasts, and the crystals fragmented. However, the following moment, the bodies of the Witch Beasts fragmented similarly as well.

Subaru: “Alright, good going, Beako!”

Beatrice: “But, reckless firing cannot be done, in fact! Cautiously saving…… Minya!”

Subaru: “What about the cautiously saving!?”

Beatrice’s battle strength, depended upon the mana left within Subaru.
In order to oppose the overwhelmingly advancing threat, even Beatrice was unable to compromise much. Tasting the seeming sense of loss, as if his soul was being curtailed with every single attack of magic, Subaru, talkative and composed, abated Beatrice’s nervousness.
Of course, such consideration was clearly visible to Beatrice.

Meili: “A~h, enough enough! Why did it turn out like thi~s! This, could have been taken awa~y!”

And, the one who had been keeping their silence till now, the final ordnance stood up and trod.
A driver, having been sat beside Ram, Meili, with her eyes tearing up, surveyed the swarm of Courtesan Bears crowding around their surroundings while making a red face. And, she pointed a finger towards the Witch Beasts who would not obey her.

Meili: “I’ll give a scolding to the bad, bad animal-san’s! Come, Sand Earthworm!”

Subaru: “ーーNo way!?”

Immediately after Meili pouted and declared like a child, the desert that had been turned up thanks to the rise of Courtesan Bears, and with the underneath of that sand being stirred up subsequently, a big frame rushed out.
Swallowed within the vigour of the gigantic beast pushing its whole body out from the underground, the countless Courtesan Bears dragged within were launched up into the sky. Falling on the sand from a high altitude, the Witch Beasts had their bones broken, and the unfortunate Courtesan Bears directly above that humongous mouth, got chewed up.

Thrusting out while tearing apart the desert, the one laying devastation upon the repulsive flower meadow was that Sand Earthworm.
Wafting the stench, raising a strange voice slashing through twilight, the Sand Earthworm determined the Courtesan Bears clinging onto the dragon carriage as its prey, and leaping with that big frame, minced and destroyed them at once.

Meili: “Go~, Sand Earthworm! Crush everyone, everyo~ne!”

Subaru: “Are you serious, hey! Areyouseriousareyouseriousareyouserious, heyheyhey!”

The weight, capable of creating rumbles in the ground, writhed through the sand sea, and the wails of the Courtesan Bears being crushed by the pressure of the humongous frame echoed. Courtesan Bears too, did not possess a petite build whatsoever, but they could not possibly compete with the figures of Sand Earthworms, whose overall length could be even above ten meters.
The overwhelming masses turned into the outcome of collisions, and the Courtesan Bears got successively turned into corpses.

At the circumstance which was a decisive battle between monsters at this point, Subaru had no words appropriate for it.
Emilia and Beatrice’s magic, Julius’ swordsmanship, Meili’s unusual talent narrowly cleared the way, and the dragon carriage and Patrasche rapidly proceeded through the flower meadow.

Meili: “A~h! The Sand Earthworm i~s!”
  Meili’s shriek was heard.
Observing it, the Sand Earthworm, possessed by a great number of Courtesan Bears who had their claws gouged into that humongous frame, was shedding large quantities of bodily fluids from its entire body, and collapsed on the ground.
The outer skin of the slimy and soaking wet Sand Earthworm was not something as sturdy as that of snakes or insects. The skin sustaining the soft body easily fell prey to the claws, and a wail of agonizing death reverberated through the sand sea.

Meili: “Next! Nextne~xt! Keep coming fa~st!”

Once a single giant collapsed, Meili clasped her hands with a pallid face. And, lured to that, once again the sand was uplifted, and a different Sand Earthworm made its appearance.
This time there were six at the same time, however, compared to the first one, they were twice as small, and if they were to get enclosed by the swarm of Courtesan Bears, they would get hunted down in the blink of an eye.

Subaru: “At this pace…… ~hk.”

They would get out-pushed in the amount of violence. With a sense of terrible hopelessness, Subaru desperately looked at his environs in search of something that could help them break out of this deadlock. And, he noticed.

The watchtower that had been so distant, was close enough to be said that it was right before their eyes.

Subaru: “Just a little bit left! If we can follow up to the watchtower at this paceーー”

It was not as if the Witch Beasts would withdraw with this, but it appeared likely that there may lie some fearful power there.
At that moment, it was not as if he had thought something special.

However, if they were to follow up to the watchtower, he felt there may be the strength to break free of the deadlock of this situation.
The spirit of hope was like clinging onto straws. And in reality, that was no mistake.

Subaru: “At this rateーー”

However, that strength was not something so convenient.
It was the iron hammer which rained incessantly without bias upon all insolent comrades approaching the Pleiades Watchtower.

“ーー?”

Pushing open his eyes desperately, supporting Beatrice while clinging to Patrasche, Subaru scowled at the watchtower visible in front of him.
Sweat dripping along, the moment he dimly narrowed his eyes, Subaru felt a faint sense of discomfort.

The core of the tower, something was visible there, as if shining.

Subaru: “What’s……”

That, he was unable to resume onto the final word.

“ーーーー”

ーーThe lustre bolted through the sky, and its aim unchangingly landed a direct hit on Subaru’s cranium.
At that moment, everything above the neck of Natsuki Subaru was blown off by the attack, and evaporated with the same unconsciousness.

“ーーーー”

There present was nobody who could observe and raise their voice, at the tragic scene of a single moment.
For some reason, those who would have had observed it, and those who would have had screamed at it, had been thoroughly pulled up by the root and branch.

The Earth Ground Dragon which had lost its head, giving rise to a report, collapsed.
Caught up within the vigour of the dragon carriage toppling sideways, the human bodies who had indeed lost their craniums were pulverised, shattered under the pressure, turned into chunks of meat.

Only the pond of blood lay upon the sand, and the parched sand gulped down the blood spilt from the bodies.
Before long, gradually, slowly, the fine particles of sand dragged anything and everything rotting on the sand sea down to their belly, and concealed them.

The flowers of blood, as if the only visage of their journey, bequeathed the vivid colours.
However, even those flowers of deep red, disappeared within the evermore swallowing sand.




ーーHere, the party greeted annihilation.
  Pixel Art by @witchcultist


Chapter 11
ーーWhat had been visible was the lustre, nothing but that.

He remembered, he had tilted his neck upwards.
Also the moment initially afterwards, one section of the tower in front, white lustre, and him narrowing his eyes at that dazzle.
However, what lay in his memories was only till that point. He did not remember anything thereafter.

Neither ache, nor impact, nor terror, he did not feel a single thing.
For Natsuki Subaru, these were all indispensable retinues in the advent of 『Death』.
Neither did he have the ache to make him wail in tears, nor the impact that would scatter his body into a thousand fragments, nor the terror of losing everything.

Otherwise that 『Death』, may have had been a much more kind-hearted 『Death』 than what Subaru was normally acquainted with.
Above all, Subaru, who had died and gotten his brain evaporated, did not have any free time whatsoever to think about it, nor could he merely think back to it and absorb himself into it.

As if in the blink of an eye, the moment immediately after he thought his field of vision had been caged within darkness, the lost 『Life』 of Natsuki Subaru was resuscitated, regurgitated, and once again, into reality, was abandoned.
ーーWas abandoned.

  ※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
  ???: “ーーTch tch tch.”

Subaru: “ーー~hk.”

For a single moment, feeling the weight of gloom upon his five senses, as if clogging up his breath, Subaru opened his eyes.
Discerning the clamorous sound of the whole body of the dragon carriage, his contracting muscles screamed out in pain. The reins he had clenched to so tightly that his nails could eat away into his palm, and the warm temperature insisting their existence, Beatrice.

Subaru: “……Ah?”

Within his faint field of vision, he looked down at the back of Beatrice’s head from close proximity.
The violent sweet aroma sliding into his nostrils, was again, different from the one when he had hugged the young girl. Beatrice’s scent was like that of freshly prepared sweet confectioneries, but what wafted in the air now was, as if adhesive toxicity, self-assertive sweetness.

He had memories of this sweetness. It was natural. It was what, just recently, he had continued to smell ad nauseam.
Rather, even if it was only for a limited number of minutes, what was special was that it had been interrupted.

???: “Tch tch tch tch.”

Upon Subaru’s dusky consciousness, reached a rhythmic sound, as if the clicking of a tongue.
In front of his eyes, was Beatrice with her body stiffened up, and Patrasche who was holding her breath in, watching over what lay ahead of its nose, the dragon carriage carrying Emilia and Rem, and standing ahead of that dragon carriage was a repulsive Witch Beast.

With fine roots stretching across its entire body, the truculent Witch Beast starved of bloodーー it was a Courtesan Bear.

For a single moment, unable to express it as a déjà vu, the fresh sense of reality returned to Subaru.
That feeling was not to be doubted. It was 『Return by Death』.

Natsuki Subaru had just now, experiencing 『Death』, returned to this moment in time.

Subaru: “ーー~hk.”

ーーBut, of all things, returning to this moment!?

Rather than the moment of transpiration of『Death』, he cursed at how unfavorable the timing he had 『Returned by Death』 to was.
Inviting the interest of the Witch Beast by the sound of clicking her tongue, the one trying to remove it from the front of the dragon carriage silently, was Meili. That scheme was only barely successful, however, and it fell through in the end.
The Ground Dragon pulling the dragon carriageーー Gyan, was unable to bear the pressure of the Witch Beast, was the reason for it.

“ーーーー”

While being aware of that, Subaru instantaneously hesitated in making a judgment.
The state of the vital Gyan was invisible from the rear. But, Julius, who had clenched the reins, would not encourage the unusualness of the Ground Dragon. There simply lay nothing special there for him to turn his eyes towards.
Each one in the dragon carriage was praying for the success of Meili’s contact with the Courtesan Bears.
However, unfortunately, that wasーー,

Meili: “Tch tch tch…… tch~.”

Meili’s voice wielded a faint sense of stress, and her finger pointed towards the right of the dragon carriage. Lured to that movement, the Courtesan Bear slowly stepped its feet ahead in that direction.
An ambience of solace originated within the dragon carriage, and for Beatrice as well. However, Gyan was unable to stand up to the slicing of the thread of tension.

Subaru: “Juli……”

“ーーーー~hk!!”

Without being able to make the correct judgement, his call was obstructed by Gyan’s roar.
As if going through the recent progression once again, Gyan stomped the ground while letting out a roar, and at that wail and rumbling, the Courtesan Bears’ consciousness was awoken at once.

Further exposing their bloodshot eyes, the Courtesan Bears leapt with their drool dripping down. Bluish-white radiance perforated through those craniums, the flow had been completely the same until the blast.

Emilia: “El Huma!!”

Emilia, standing on top of the dragon carriage, turned over both her hands, as if fluttering in the wind, and created a maelstrom of ice blades in the sky, with movement like that of an elegant dance. The revolving blades of ice successively were fired, with their aim set above ground, as if the encircling notes of a musical saw, the sloth of Courtesan Bears was swallowed within the lethal weapons of ice, as they raised their death wails with their limbs being slashed away.

Subaru: “R-Runrunrunrunrunrunーー ~hk!!”

Pulling the reins and speeding up Patrasche, the dragon carriage, too, moved when Subaru raised his voice.
He glanced sideways at the driver, Ram, who had suddenly appeared, having exchanged the position of driver with Julius, and at Julius, wielding his knight sword, who launched sword slashes upon the approaching Courtesan Bears, along with a barrage of kicks, that was what he was able to understand.

ーーCompletely, the same.
Having gone with the flow, Subaru strongly, strongly gritted his molars.
  His consciousness being unable to catch up, due to the sudden『Return by Death』 would not make for an excuse.
Putting off the impact of having passed away, Subaru’s heart covered his remorse.

It could be said that ever since he became aware of 『Return by Death』, up until now, this had been the first time for Subaru that he had wasted 『Return by Death』.
Missing out on the information received through 『Return by Death』, the result was that he was simply heading for another death. However, this was the first time he was tracing the very same situation, despite 『Return by Death』, without even any establishment of a trick of some sort. Subaru’s own puzzlement, unrelated to his intentions while thinking that, the rail of destiny was yet the same.

Beatrice: “ーーSubaru! There is no free time for you to be spacing out, in fact!”

Subaru: “ーー~hk!”

Lying face down in regret, tightly gripping to the reins was Subaru, and Beatrice struck her back on his chest. Looking ahead at the light impact and voice, he was able to see the truculent Witch Beasts advancing speedily.
At the same time, grasping the small palm reaching out, making Beatrice stand on top of the dragon, thus commenced the counter attack.

Beatrice: “Minya! Minya! One more time, Minya, I suppose!”

Through the palm, the aimless Mana within Subaru’s body, was absorbed and resolved into power for Beatrice. The materialised crystals of violet pierced into the bodies of the Witch Beasts obstructing their path, and as the crystals shattered those bodies, Patrasche proceeded while stepping firmly onto the scattered fragments.

Meili: “Held in rese~rve, Sand Earthworm!!”

Hearing Meili’s shout, who had grown desperate, the sand at the corner of his vision spouted up.
The desert covered by Courtesan Bears, making its appearance from further below that, the Sand Earthworm tossed several numbers of the Witch Beasts within its huge jaws, and putting together its humongous frame enough to make one look upwards, proceeded to crush its enemies.

The second great decisive battle of monsters, but Subaru was aware of how unfavourable this was.

Ram: “ーーBarusu! Run till you die! If you do not want to die!”

At Subaru, who was grilling in formless restlessness, a seemingly reprimanding voice was launched.
Controlling the reins at the driver’s position, driving the agitated Gyan, was Ram. She was driving the dragon carriage fully in control with her handling of the reins no inferior than that of Rem but, at this pace, this was no good.

Subaru: “It will be no good if you keep going straight ahead at this rate! Ram, change direction!”

Ram: “ーー~hk! What are you trying to say? The watchtower is right in front, the surroundings are all territories of the Witch Beasts!”

Subaru: “That is plausible but still, that won’t be any good!”

Patrasche lowered her head, and pierced right through the torso of the Courtesan Bear in front. While having the writhing Witch Beast right in front of her nose, the jet black Ground Dragon rushed ahead madly while using the body of the Witch Beast as a shield. The continuous slashes being hammered in tore apart the body of the Witch Beast, and its dancing fallen petals and fresh blood soaked the sand sea.

Ram: “Barusu, what did you notice! Say it clearly!”

Subaru: “There wouldn’t be any problems if I could explain clearly! At any rate, it’s a change of course!”

At Ram’s words, which had a tone of irritation, all Subaru could do as well was to yell violently back. He himself realised it was a terribly absurd response, but he had no measures other than that.
After all, the current Subaru was unaware of the cause of his death.

His『Return by Death』was unquestionable, and yet, he could not remember the reason for his death.
Noticing it, regarding the point of『Return by Death』, this time it was close to how it felt when he had met『Death』for the first time in the Roswaal mansion.
From the point of confirming the cause of death, and eliminating that problem.

Subaru: “The time for that, is nowhere here!!”

Having been caught up by the Witch Beasts, he had fallen prey to those slashes. Just as how the bar’s bartender had warned, had he become the cruel bait of having his intestines slurped on. Otherwise, inadvertently falling from Patrasche, he may have unfortunately fractured his neck. It was a thought really, truly difficult but, he may have broken down due to Beatrice utilising his mana excessively, that was not impossible either.

Subaru: “Whichever it may be, the memories haven’t cleanly, suddenly stopped till now.”

Even if his guts were cleaved open, even if he was put down in ice, even if his head was crushed by a morningstar, even if his whole body was devoured greedily by rabbits, even if he was eaten away by entangling with an absurd Authority, Subaru did 『Return by Death』.
And regardless of what the cause of death may be, eliminating and defeating what had occured right before his own 『Death』 which was stalemating him, it had been used as a method for that.

That fragile string of fate, was nowhere visible this time.
And the time to search for that fine string, was not bestowed upon Subaru and the others.

ーーThis was simply, the worst entrapment of 『Return by Death』.

In the scenario where he possibly passed away by the same method, it would be a completely fumbling restart.
Before that happenedーー,

Subaru: “Move from here! Whatever you do, don’t get close to the tower!”

Ram: “Again, why so……”

Subaru: “The tower will shine! Probably, that light is dangerous!”

Ram: “Hu~hーー!?”
  In the situation where they had been nothing but cornered, even Ram did not have the time to varnish the blades of her words with poison. While clashing with the voice possessing a frank tone of repudiation, Subaru pulled the reins and conveyed that to Patrasche.
To not go straight ahead, but divert their purpose at any rate.

Subaru: “The tower may be visible, right in front but……!”

Right in the middle of the advancement of the Courtesan Bears in great numbers in the sand sea, the watchtower right in front of their eyes was clearly getting closer. However, what awaited them if they truly got close to it was only the scorch of before.
For that to not happen, what Subaru had to choose wasーー,

Subaru: “Run backwards! It would be better to pass through 『Sand Time』 one more time! Let’s go back to that earlier sand dune!”

Ram: “What nonsense have you been……”

Emilia: “Ram! Do as Subaru says!”

At the determination where it could not be helped but think he had lost his mind, Ram raised a voice of repudiation, which Emilia detained. While she purged the Witch Beasts with countless ice shards, she nodded at Subaru.

Emilia: “Because there’s no way Subaru would say something weird without giving thought to it!”

Ram: “Barusu ordinarily lives by wetting his pants with thoughtless words and nonsense.”

Emilia: “Because there’s no way Subaru would say something weird without giving thought to it in a dangerous situation!”

Subaru: “Thank you for going out of your way and correcting it!!”

Whether he should lament being treated as a young wolf in sheep’s clothing, or be delighted that he was a man who could be relied upon in times of a pinch.
Keeping both introspection and conceit for later, Patrasche, moving according to Subaru’s intentions, thrust her feet on the sandy soil and suddenly turned round. Her tail cutting through the air mowed down the abdomen of the Witch Beast, and kicking down one of the Courtesan Bears with her leg, she ran backwards.

Ram: “ーー~hk! The two of you on the top and side! Make sure you don’t fall off!!”

Seeing their sudden turning around, Ram, too, had Gyan turn around by skillfully handling the reins. Naturally, the dragon carriage, having to eat the centrifugal force at that moment, inclined greatly and turned sideways butーー,

Julius: “Emilia-sama! The foothold!”

Emilia: “Eh? Ah, is that so! Yes!”

Thrusting his sword fiercely into the body of the vehicle and supporting his body, Julius brought aid to Emilia’s attention to the inclining dragon carriage. Emilia rounded her eyes at those words, and magical power headed instantaneously towards directly underneath of the dragon carriage. As if assisting the wheel that had tilted due to the inclination, a slope of ice was born, and the dragon carriage, as if painting a semi-circle, rushed and evaded toppling sideways.
Furthermore, at the same pace, without killing off the vigour, commenced the backward dash which followed Patrasche.

ーーImmediately afterward.

Subaru: “Wha…… ~hk!?”

The moment following the commencement of the backward dash, echoed a metallic shrill as if slashing one’seardrums.
Thoughtlessly shrugging his shoulders was Subaru. From the rear, a sudden gale was born.

Subaru: “The one right now was…… eh, heyheyheyhey!”

Beatrice: “What, I suppose…… huh!?”

Sensing the enigma arise behind, Subaru and Beatrice, turning back at the same time, expressed astonishment.
On top of the dragon carriage racing immediately behind them, Emilia and Julius, too, widened their eyes.

Meili: “Sand Earthworm, -chan is…… ~hk.”

Leaning forward her body on the driver’s seat, with her throat trembling in astonishment, was Meili.
In front of her eyes, in that shape, a visage behind the dragon carriage, as if concealing it, with the large build of the Sand Earthworm being thrown up. With the frame of a span over ten meters, with thickness of body such that two men may not be able to rotate it with their arms. Protruding its head above the ground, the form lording over its prey seemed as if it was the ruler of the sand sea.

The body of that Sand Earthworm, receiving the direct hit of that something, was blown off into fragments.
That slimy body skin suffered a thousand pierces, and the thick body of great length was splendidly divided into two. The body that had lost its head toppled sideways, and the head, having lost its support, slowly, slowly, headed towards them, tricklingーー.

Subaru: “Get aside, dodge i~i~i~tーー!!”

The fallen head of the Sand Earthworm had excess mass which could crush the dragon carriage under its pressure.
With the death agony of the Witch Beasts crushed under the pressure of the body that had, just now, fallen behind, Subaru and Ram subsequently transmitted instructions to the ground dragons, overbearingly averted their routes and escaped the course of the Sand Earthworm’s direct hit.

“ーーーー~hk.”

Raising a shrill tearful voice, the Sand Earthworm’s head fell onto the sand sea with great vigour.
The sand whirled up, the bones of the Courtesan Bears, injured while escaping, crumbled into fragments and fell and their limbs, having been caught up in the impact, were blown off. At the same pace, the head of the Sand Earthworm bounced, while entangling with the inevitable future of the Witch Beasts, tumbled, and finally suffered countless slashes, quickly turning into fragments of flesh.

Subaru: “Danger, danger, ous, ous!”

Beatrice: “Subaru, this was a mistake, in fact!”

He’d felt relieved for evading the crisis of the moment but, instantaneously, Beatrice rejected that relief.
Looking at the young girl at his chest wondering what had happened, she cleared away the fallen, fluttering petals with a troubled expression, and surveyed the rear,

Beatrice: “From the one just now, the dragon carriage on the other side has gone astray, I suppose! There is only Betty and you!”

Subaru: “What did you say!?”

Pursuing her gaze in panic, Subaru confirmed the absence of the figure of the dragon carriage in the surroundings.
Only the distant radiance of bluish-white mana and roars of Witch Beasts, furthermore, discovering a place slightly exposed to the sandy gale, he was able to understand from his view through the immense distance, the hard fight being put up by Emilia and their new servant, Meili.
  However, even if they tried to meet up with the other side, the space between them was overflowing with a countless number of Courtesan Bears. And for Subaru and the rest, with diminished number of moves, there were no indications that the fierce attack of the Witch Beasts had been weakened.

Subaru: “Simply, half the war potential! The number of enemies are double!”

Beatrice: “Compared to earlier, it has increased to four times, I suppose!”

Brandishing the claws, at the face of the Courtesan Bears attacking, the cusp of the whip let out a roar.
The striking impact, fortunately, crushed the eyes of the Witch Beast and breaking through the one trembling in violent pain, Patrasche dashed once again. However, that course of direction had a different direction than that of the dragon carriage of Emilia and the others.

Subaru: “Patrasche! Not this way……”

Beatrice: “It is this Ground Dragon’s own judgement to be left alive, in fact. Rather than Subaru or Betty, leaving it to its instincts would be better, I suppose!”

Interrupting Subaru’s outcry, Beatrice kicked and dispersed away the Witch Beasts standing in their way with magic. Patrasche marked the points where the tight besiegement and broke through them, risking her own life for protecting the two on its back.

Subaru: “Shit! This again…… this shape again! What am I doing!”

Swinging the whip, he struck the faces of the Witch Beasts trying to get closer. However, with this, he would not be able to stop the power of the Witch Beasts, having an expression of having lost reason.
Inflicting fatal wounds with the sabre, he sharpened their dynamism with magic. ーーThe power Subaru chose, even with any of those, it would not be even remotely attainable. All craftiness, would get crushed under the pressure of overwhelming power.

Doing what he could do, augmenting whatever he had the ability to do, it had become slightly easier, is what he had thought, and yet.
The mere superficial cleverness of Natsuki Subaru, was fate only going to exhale a laughing sigh at it and trample upon and crush it.

Subaru: “I had somehow managed better at the time of that shitty bastard Regulus……!”

Beatrice: “There is no time for such deep thinking, in fact! Are there any ways to……”

Subaru: “Beako, Murak on Patrasche! Lighten her weight, then we can cross over the swarm!”

Beatrice: “ーー! Murak!”

Accepting Subaru’s directions, Beatrice used 『Murak』 on Patrascheーー a magic that abateds the effect of gravity, and the speed at which they ran further accelerated. Stepping and racing ahead, the distance doubled, and the leaping Patrasche used the Witch Beasts as a place to stand on, and tried to withdraw from the writhing flower meadow.
Butーー,

Subaru: “The liーー!?”

In close proximity to his eyes appeared a white purge, and the moment he turned his voice inside out, 『That』 dashed through the sky.
The white purge above ground ran through, and the sand sea was blown off by the terrific force. Facing the swift bolt of the purge, the bodies of the Witch Beasts were torn apart, spouting out blood, as they leapt, leapt, leapt.
And that aftermath swooped down upon Patrasche as well, agitated by the wind pressure of 『That』 which was closing on the large build of the ground dragon, and got easily flipped.

Subaru: “Beatrice! Hold tight!!”

Beatrice: “Subaru too, make sure you’re hugging firmly, I suppose!!”

Patrasche: “ーーーー~hk!”

Patrasche neighed, and Subaru hugged and clung to Beatrice’s body.
Spinning and revolving in the air, the large build of Patrasche pranced overhead of the Courtesan Bears. As if pursuing that Patrasche, the corona continuously downpoured incessantly.
The sand was burst open, the Witch Beasts who got dragged into it and had to receive it were burst open, and the appearing and quickly disappearing Patrasche raised an echo of distress.

Subaru: “O~a~a~a~a~a~hーー!?”

In the midst of the attack, the 『Divine Protection of Wind Evasion』 failed, and Subaru tasted that impact altogether.
Grasping the reins and Beatrice, he had firmly interposed both his feet in Patrasche’s saddle but, rubbed by the force, with his body being struck hard in parts here and there, he barely managed to grasp to his consciousness.
However, regardless of even that state, the pursuit of the claws of the Courtesan Bears under his eyes continued to shoot.

Swallowed in the terrific attack, he floundered without being thrown off. Now, if he were to fall, no way would he be saved. What barely connected his life, was precisely because he had not given up.

Subaru: “But, at this rateーー”

Beatrice: “Not good, in fact…… ~hk!”

Subaru: “ーーPatrasche!?”

With the remarkably strong impact, Patrasche’s roar of anguish pulled back her tall tail.
Looking at it, at the side of Patrasche, who was flipping around lightly through the effect of Murak, had been exposed to the claws of the Courtesan Bears and had been slashed. With the scars of the claws etched into the jet black scales, painful to even look at, from the mouth of the deep gash flowing and spilling was fresh blood.

Subaru: “ーー~hk, kh, ah!?”

Tumbling down with the same pace due to that force, Patrasche suddenly fell on top of the desert. At the same time, Subaru and the others were thrown onto the sandy soil as well, and were left behind on the feeding ground of the Courtesan Bears crowding their surroundings.
Shaking his head, his body rose. While continuing to hold Beatrice’s hand. She, too, dusted off the hem of her dress and stood up, and quickly observed the surroundings with no negligence in her eyes. However, their advantage was undeniable.

Subaru: “You bastards! Don’t you dare lay a single finger on Patrasche!”

Beatrice: “Minya!”

Wounded, Patrasche groaned in agony, as magic pierced through the Witch Beasts flooding towards it. Subaru pulled Beatrice’s hand and rushed over to Patrasche, and kneeling down, touched  the wound.
The claws had not reached her intestines but, if she pushed herself, her guts might brim out. She could not be allowed to push herself. He also needed time to heal it.

Subaru: “Beatrice! Shamak! Deceive the perceptibility of the Witch Beasts around!”

Beatrice: “Now!? Even if that’s done, it’ll do nothing but buy time, in fact! On top of that……”

Subaru: “That time is needed for now! Hurry!”
  Bending their stance with bloodshot eyes, the Witch Beasts awaited for a gap to swoop in.
Coping with them would be impossible if they assailed from all directions. The Witch Beasts eventually became impertinent, and what would be their cue depended on their patience. That could perhaps, not be expected.

Beatrice: “ーー~hk! El Shamak!”

Beatrice joined both of her hands together, and something entirely fell out of Subaru’s interior.
It rolled towards the whirlpool within the hand of the girl beside, becoming quiet power it swept through the sand sea, and with Subaru and the rest as the center, tens of meters in its radius, were wrapped up in black mist.

With the foundation of Shadow Magic, this was the invocation of Shamak.

Producing discord in perception, the expanse of Shamak, brought the Courtesan Bears’ conduct to a standstill. Conception vanished beyond understanding, and even the instinct to chase after prey gets forgotten.
Of course, it did not show effect on Subaru and the others, who had executed it. However, it did not last long.

Beatrice: “If the ones beyond the scope of efficacy get in, it would eventually be laid to waste, I suppose. Before that, escape along with that Ground Dragon!”

Subaru: “I know! The effect of Murak is still left, right? If that’s so then I’ll carry Patrasche on my shoulders, at any rate, continuously fire Shamak and joining up with the dragon carriage on the other side is what we shouldーー”

Withdrawing from the gambling room, judging to prioritize that, he extended his hands to Patrasche.
Normally its large frame would weigh several hundred kilos, but in the interval it was adhering to Beatrice’s Murak, that body, like a featherーー would be an exaggeration, it had become light. Not enough to be able to shoulder it and run.
Her yellow eyes were intently looking at Subaru. The emotions passing by in those eyes were complex, eloquence such that nobody could ever imagine being a Ground Dragon’s expression.

Those eyes, were telling them. ーーPlease leave.

Beatrice: “ーーSubaru!”

Immediately after his eyes were robbed by the glint in Patrasche’s eyes, Beatrice raised a sharp voice.
She, rushing over, aimed for Subaru’s palm, the surging magical power took form of a shield, and right next to Subaru arrived a magical wall of violetーー and it, averted the fired white lustre.

Subaru: “Gho~ah!?”

Reverberated the sharp sound as if an exchange of blows of steel, and Subaru’s body, receiving the impact, flew backwards. Tumbling over and falling with limbs stretched out on top of the sand, the violently coughing Subaru noticed after trying to lift his body up.
Blood was dripping out of his right side, which had suffered the impact, and that it had his right leg thickly soaking.

Subaru: “What did I, receive……?”

Grasping the side overflowing with blood, exhaled Subaru reflexively with one of knees knelt down.
At that moment, the impact which had ransacked his internal organs gives rise to vomiting, and gastric juices and blood ceaselessly gushed forth out of the edge of his mouth.
Air exited out of his fissured abdomen, and a goofy sound like that of fart leaked out along with the foaming blood.

Subaru: “Ah, hf……”

Beatrice: “ーーbaru! Subaru!”

As he exhaled hoarsely, his field of vision simultaneously inclined right beside him.
Toppling sideways, he understood he had lost the ability to move his body. He had understood, but nothing more than that could he continue. The wound on his side heated up, and there lay the pain as if his body was melting away.
Desperately, he heard the voice calling for his self.

Beatrice: “Subaru! Subaru, don’t I suppose! Dying is…… don’t, don’t die…… don’t leave Betty, alone…… ~hk! Sto~p…… ~hk.”

His shoulder was being shook. At the audible tearful voice, he wanted to stretch his hand out, but he could not move.
His brain tissues were burning, he became unable to remember the young girl in front of his eyes.
An adorable face, but it was crying, she shouldn’t make a crying face, is what he thought.

“ーーーー”

On the other side of that, a large, large lizard lay collapsed.
Black, it was a lizard with a beautiful appearance. In that body, a white long and narrow something of an unknown source, unknown origin was lunging through, with no movement whatsoever, it was clearly dead.

Perhaps, his ownself had received the same thing, is what he thought.

???: “Don’t leave Betty behi~nd, plea…… ~hk!”

Sobbing, the young girl desperately hugged Subaru’s body.
With that petite frame, Subaru’s body, who had lost his strength, would be too heavy.
Tears streamed down her cheeks. He wanted to at least wipe away those tears.
He searched for a part that was still mobile in his body, but he was unable to find anything. That is why, he hauled something mobile from someplace else, not in his body.

Subaru: “ーー~hk.”

???: “Subaru?”
  Invisible to the eyes, the 『Hand』 only his self could see, wiped the tears on her cheeks.
Black fingers caressed her teardrops, and the girl looked at him, making an expression as if she had noticed something. The strength to smile and reassure her, even that, he did not possess.

???: “Subaーー”

For a single moment, the young girl tried to say something.
However that was, interrupted by the white purge that came flying behind her from a distance.

“-ーーー”

The second attack, lunged through Subaru’s chest.
Slowly turning his gaze towards that, it had perforated through the back of the young girl, furthermore, piercing through Subaru’s chest, it came out from behind.

???: “Ah.”

Leaving behind a dusky sigh, the form of the young girl, hugging Subaru, disappeared.
As if she did not belong to this realm, the form of the young girl was rendered invisible.

Losing support, Subaru collapsed on the spot. He could not move. He did not have the reason to move.

Subaru: “Kh, oh.”

His weakly moving fingers scratched the sand, that was all.

Losing its caster, the black fog which was interposing the environs and space, was dispersed by the breeze.
Divulging from the magic that deceived perception, all what remained was only the corpse of a Ground Dragon and a young boy on the verge of death. The flock sloth of Witch Beasts slurped on their tongues, and advanced closer to that prey.

“ーーーー”

His breath stopped, the focus of his eyes blurred.
Excessive blood loss, was not how it felt. Something, which felt fatal, poured upon him.

He was rendered unable to understand, anything.
In close proximity to him, the Courtesan Bears, with their claws sharpened right overhead, he could hear their roars.

Those claws had swung down, and his cranium had been crushed.
Or instead, now, on the edge of his field of vision, which was on the verge of vanishing, 『That』, which had faintly shined, was the one to blame.

Despite not knowing which one of the two was the reason, Natsuki Subaru’s life came to an end.


Chapter 12
In an instant, the throbbing and burning pains were all gone, and Natsuki Subaru returns. 
 
"―――" 
 
He wanted to praise himself for not screaming at the scene before him. 
 
After the second "Return ad returned to the flower gardens surrounded by the beasts again; he earnestly thought so, closing his mouth with hands in panic. 
 
"Chitchchachichi"
 
In a place dominated by the violent scent of flowers, what could be heard was the sound of Meili clicking her tongue. 
 
Stealing the attention of the Oiran bear standing in front of the dragon carriage by shaking her fingers silently and letting out this sound from her lips. Holding their breath, everyone was watching it. 
 
Just a few minutes ago, he watched this same scene, this was the 2nd time he was brought back at this time. 
 
―are you kidding me? 
 
Subaru's brain starts spinning at a high speed while trying to get the picture of the events that happened to him.
 
He needs to switch his focus immediately. He had to forget that just a moment ago, countless demon beasts chased after them, ending up in gore and bloodshed. But before that happens, he had to deal with what was in front of him. 
 
The problem in front of him, right before his eyes.
He could hear something that sounded like calling a kitten. The actual situation was totally different than that, but that thought was hindered by the smell of flowers.
 
Smelly, sweet, noisy, annoying, itchy, painful, hot, which one was the correct word to describe it?
 
"...?" 
 
The more he thinks about it, the more it stresses his brain, but no concrete solutions come to mind.
 
His brain can not keep up with the discrepancy between the current situation and the situation that he had been experiencing up to now. Subaru desperately tries to adapt to "now". He felt a little push against his chest. 
 
"―――" 
 
Looking down, it was Beatrice’s small body leaning on his chest. 
 
As Subaru completely embraced her against his chest, she looked up slightly to show that he should be gripping the reins instead of her. Perhaps he caught her in the immediate shock after "Return by death". 
 
― He remembered the last "death", he remembered Beatrice's crying face and tears.


"-hgh"
 
That's right. 
 
This was the third time that Subaru had reached this situation. 
 
He died here twice. The first time he had no clue how he had died, but the second time, he could picture that death to some extent. But his suffering at the moment of death was not clear. 
 
Feeling like his internal organs were melted after simmering in a pot - that feeling. 
 
―- No, that should not be the priority. Now, the priority should be, 
 
"Chitchchachi ...Chi"
 
Just as Subaru’s thoughts caught up to his second "death", Meili successfully drew the attention of the Oiran bear. Following the clicking of her tongue and movement of her fingers, the demon beast slowly diverted its gaze from the dragon carriage and was guided to the right hand side. 
 
There would be no problem if the Oiran bear leaves just like this. However, Subaru knows that this won't be the case. 
 
"――――" 
 
Right next to the Oiran bear who was moving away, stood an earth dragon - Gyan’s breathing was wild. 
 
The pressure of facing the demon beast so close and the scent of flowers that continues to spread violently - two kinds of pressure torment the calmness of the earth dragon, which would make  it snap abruptly. 
 
If the earth dragon makes a noise, the swarm of the agitated demon beasts will attack all at once. If so, it would result in nothing but a repetition of the previous two “deaths” 
 
"――――" 
 
However, no one could notice the agitation of Gyan, except for Subaru. 
 
Even Julius, who held the reins, also has attention unconsciously diverted from the earth dragon, concentrating on the threat of the monsters in front of them. Therefore, Subaru was the only one who could deal with it. 
 
But how to deal with it? 
 
He couldn’t speak. It was impossible to quickly approach and touch it. 
 
There was a big risk in calling out to Julius and making him calm it down. Before that, if he couldn’t make a decision right now, he wouldn't be able to make it in time. What should he do――?
 
"――――" 
 
Then, in the last seconds, Subaru closed his eyes.
 
If he can’t think of anything in this moment, he decided he would call up Julius. Reviving back into his brain, he recalled the last two "deaths", the onslaught of demon beasts and the light of the Watchtower.. 
 
At the moment of the second "death", he remembered that he was being held by Beatrice, who cried and said, "Don't leave me alone."
 
Subaru: “Beako, I love you." 
 
Betty: "...?" 
 
He hugged her small body from the back and whispered those words in her ear. Beatrice was surprised at the sudden expression of love, but the hand over her mouth didn’t allow her to shout. 
 
Instead, Subaru extended his "hand" towards Gyan at the front-right corner. 
 
The "Hands" which had gently caressed and wiped Beatrice’s tears just before his "death". 
 
― Invisible Providence. 
 
Though, as his mouth was too busy confessing his love with a whisper, the name of that technique was chanted only within his heart, unfortunately. 
 
Just then, in the center of Subaru's body -a different sensation from when the link with Beatrice drains his mana permeated from him- something dark is summoned, arousing a silent cry. 
 
Summoned into this world by an unspoken shout, the “Unseen Hand” of “Sloth” comes forth to aide Natsuki Subaru in achieving his goals.
 
"――――" 
 
The black hand that was created slowly manifested in this world from Subaru’s chest. Of course, its existence cannot be seen by anyone except for Subaru. As he was embracing Beatrice, the "Unseen hands" just went through her, and it seemed like they did not make any unintended contact. 
 
While admiring that fact, he could feel that something in him was being drained away each second. Whether it was his soul or sanity, Subaru does not know. However, he couldn’t take too much time if he doesn't want to have to call up Julius. 
 
The black magic stretches out to Gyan’s neck, who seemed like he was about to roar at any moment. The palm slowly stroked his thick neck that was coated with thick scales. 
 
The big earth dragon trembled from being touched by someone, but somehow his instincts probably felt that there was no hostility in that touch. The earth dragon settles his rough breath and relaxes his body. 
 
Julius: "- huh?" 
 
Then, as Julius also noticed Gyan’s reaction, he pulled the reins and calmed the earth dragon to his earnest. As expected from Julius he skillfully handled the earth dragon, noticing its agitation, with what could have otherwise been  devastating. 
 
Seeing that, Subaru immediately cut off the connection with the "Unseen Hand". When the black palm is deprived of freedom, it dissipates in an instant, and disappears into the parched wind of the sand sea, as if nothing had happened. 
 
"wow...fuh" 
 
After dodging that bullet, Subaru took a long breath of relief. 
 
At the same time, he felt like a dark black cloud was stuck in his chest, and he wanted to vomit. Of course, things aren’t so easy. That sense of loss is the price he paid for using the Invisible Providence, and it remains engraved in the soul. 
 
Thus, Subaru thinks about the feeling of loss being gouged in his chest. 
 
Invisible Providence: The cost of using the “Unseen Hand”, the feeling of loss and breathlessness due to its influence, is clearly "easier" than before. 
 
The first time that Subaru used the Invisible Providence was when he had fought Garfiel in Sanctuary. 
 
At that time, Subaru, who had unleashed his power in a feverish manner, was attacked by this sense of loss and drunkenness that made half of his body feel unstable. 
 
It gave him a feeling of disgust to think of the opponent who used that same power before Subaru, and it was no excuse that the incident happened after not being able to beat Garfiel in the first place.
 
It was a strange ability-- rather, authority, that endlessly intrigued Subaru with the dangers of using it, as well as the circumstances that made it available to him. Therefore, he had never thought to actively use this force until now. 
 
Subaru's “Invisible Providence” has no power or flexibility like the original "Unseen hands" of that madman. At best, wiping away tears or stroking the head is all he can muster. 
 
The cost is too expensive if he has to pay with his soul, but he thought the only means was to meet it halfway.
 
Subaru: "It's not like I've gotten used to it." 
 
Shaken with a feeling of loss and disgust, Subaru felt more anxiety than relief. 
 
It's always good to have more cards in your hands, is what Subaru theorizes. But it doesn't mean that possessing multiple pairless jokers in “Old Maid” would do you any good. 
 
Of course, it would serve as the best hand of cards in other games.
 
Subaru: "uhuh." 
 
Betty: "...just now, what have you been doing, I suppose?" 
 
Subaru: "Oh? What...?" 
 
As Subaru let out a small shriek amidst his worries , a grumpy voice suddenly appeared. 
 
It was like, if you were to open your eyes to see what’s happening, you would see a face in front of you, as your eyes would meet Beatrice’s eyes. 
 
And that Beatrice looked quite unusual. 
 
Subaru: “Beako, what happened to your head and dress?." 
 
Betty: ". . . It's the result of Subaru being glued to Betty's hair and clothes all the time. I wonder why I have to suffer such a humiliation!" 
 
Subaru: "huh, me?" 
 
In front of Subaru, who was tilting his head cluelessly, a furious Beatrice was trying to hide the anger in her voice. 
 
Her splendid drills were jumbled, and both the delicate dress and the white cloak to protect the dress from the sand wind, were arranged eccentrically and running at the forefront of fashion. It is a state-of-the-art pattern that no one has ever thought of. 
 
Betty: "- Your lack of self-awareness is irritating! You were very worried, I suppose, but then it went on and on and on and on and on...That's enough! ...Do you even remember saying those words of love?" 
 
Subaru: "No, I remember that. Beako, my LOVE is true." 
 
Betty: "hmp!" 
 
To those candid words, a red-faced Beatrice completely covered her head with her cloak. 
 
He really wanted to admire that unfamiliar cute appearance, but right now he can’t play with Beatrice. 
 
As a result of Subaru's unspeakable efforts, Gyan will not make a fuss and will try to resume the march of the dragon carriage with Meili's ability. However, Subaru goes through the gap that opened between the Oiran bears  and brought Patrasche close to the coach. 
 
Subaru: "Julius, Meili. Let’s make a temporary retreat ― things are bad." 
 
It was because of the two "deaths" that he proposed a rework in their strategy. 
 
 
※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※
 
 
Meili: "I'm disappointed in you, big brother. It was only a bit tense, I didn’t want to run away so soon" 
 
Ram: "After all, Barusu is still Barusu. I thought after becoming Emilia-sama’s knight, he would be a little better. But I guess a person’s character doesn’t change that easily. Pulled out too early." 
 
Subaru: "There’s no harm in just re-enforcing a safety measure!" 
 
After somehow running back from the flower garden and returning to the meeting place which they set up after breaking through "Sand Time", Subaru was being stabbed with strict criticism for making the decision to withdraw. 
 
First, it was Meili who had successfully tamed the Oiran bears and opened the way towards the tower, and then the second was Ram who had been stuck by the window in the dragon carriage, prepared for any emergency situation. 
 
Subaru, who stopped the dragon carriage and requested a face-to-face meeting on the sand, was shrinking as he was cornered about stopping their progress on just his own opinion.
 
Emilia: "But, I don’t think that Subaru's judgment was wrong. Even if we got reeeeally far through the flower gardens, I think that it’s still the same situation as a little while ago. If we did that, you wouldn't have been able to get out like we did now.
 
Meili: "Big sister doubts my ability? You believe big brother more than me?" 
 
Emilia: "We've come this far. I believe in both of them. But it is my opinion that I especially want to believe what Subaru says. Sorry." 
 
Subaru: "E・M・M ..." 
 
She is EMILIA・MAJOR・ GODDESS, who fights against Meili's childish rebuttals and puts her heart into it. Subaru puts his hands together, and beside him, Beatrice fixed her messed up clothes and hair. 
 
Betty: "So what do you intend to do after all? If you don’t trust  the mabeast girl, it is too reckless to pass through this flower garden, I suppose. ...even if I had to, I wouldn't have been able to annihilate the whole herd of this kind of beast, but that’s not the case." 
 
Emilia: "If only Puck was here, oh well... I guess I’ll try my best?" 
 
Subaru: "I really want it to be the last resort. And even if you completely annihilate the Oiran bears here, I feel that other monsters will fill the gaps and it will become an infinite loop. What do you say, Meili?" 
 
Meili, who was by the water, pouts and turns her face away.

The girl crouches down, putting her chin over her knees, like a little child, 
 
Meili: "Whaaaat is it?" 
 
Subaru: "From what we heard, it's unusual that the flower gardens would be a territory for only Oiran bears. To put it bluntly, even if the bears aren’t around, other demon beasts will fill their places"

Meili: "........It may be right, or it may be not right." 
 
Subaru: “Which is it?” 
 
Meili: "Yeah, what big brother said is right. But what are you gonna do?" 
 
While affirming Subaru's point of view, Meili questions him back. 
 
Receiving her dissatisfied look, Subaru frowns, and Julius shrugs his shoulders. 
 
Julius: “I understand Miss Meili's point. Subaru's worries are justified, but there is nothing to be gained just by fretting over unexpected situations. If we could predict what would happen and deal with it, we wouldn't call it 'unexpected'." 
 
Subaru: “Even so, just leaving it all in the hands of divine protection and rushing in without thinking, is a different story. Or maybe I should say, that proposal would be very out of your character. That's more like Garfiel’s role.”
 
Julius: "Naturally, I would never suggest such recklessness. We should decide what to do after a constructive discussion. Whether we proceed or return, that is."
 
Just like before entering the flower gardens, Julius said this, raising his two fingers. 
 
As Subaru snorted at the gesture, everyone started to think about the situation. 
 
Ram: "What if Barusu acted as a decoy to lure out the demon beasts? Then while they chase after him, we find a gap for us to break through." 
 
Subaru: “United we stay!" 
 
Ram: "Ram and the others will be safe, and we can set out to cure Rem. It's a good idea." 
 
Subaru: "I’ll be devoured!" 
 
Emilia: "Still, I’ll work reeeeally hard to fight for everyone and such..." 
 
Subaru: "Emilia-tan, this is an unexpectedly meat-headed reaction."
 
Emilia: "Meat... Headed...huh, what are you saying suddenly? It's embarrassing"
 
Subaru: "It's sudden for me! This doesn’t match the unconditionally praising Emilia-tan?"
 
Julius: "Leave it to miss Meili’s divine protection, and we will advance through the flower garden until the point we can... When we have reached the limit, we will launch a preemptive attack and rush to the Watchtower. It’s a powerful gamble." 
 
Subaru: "I can’t explain it, but it will fail. I can't explain it, but I'm sure" 
 
Julius: “Hmm... You say this as if you have an absolutely certain basis." 
 
Subaru: "Ah, I don't know. I can't say that for sure." 
 
It is tough to dismiss the progression strategy without touching on the forbidden subject of “Return by death”. 
 
And in the discussion that seemed somewhat lacking in progress in terms of the strategy, Subaru tried his luck with what he had noticed. 
 
Because he had to prioritize Gyan’s shock, then afterward the retreat from the flower gardens, he forgot to sort out the cause of those two "deaths" which actually got him back in the first place.
 
The first time it was too sudden, and the second time it was a mess, and he couldn’t say very clearly - but the cause of both of Subaru’s deaths was related to the fact that the tower in front was glowing. 
 
Subaru: "That tower glows, is there anyone else seen that ?" 
 
“The Watchtower glows...?” 
 
At Subaru’s question, everyone tilted their heads with surprised faces. 
 
Subaru groaned at the poor response and that no one saw it. It's kind of obvious.
Honestly, Subaru saw that light at approximately the same time of his "death". If that light really had a killing intention, then those who saw it would not live to tell the tale.
 
The secret attack that was carried out to kill him, he should think about that" sounds really better to me.
 
Anastasia: "Natsuki-kun, you saw the tower glowing?" 
 
Subaru: "What? Ah--, I might be mistaken, but I think it might have lightened up." 
 
Anastasia: "When did that happen?" 
 
Subaru: ".....When I was in the flower garden, I think?" 
 
He replied to Anastasia’s inquiry in the form of another question. 
 
However, because there was a situation in the flower garden where he could not raise his voice, it didn’t seem suspicious that he had kept quiet about the tower’s light. Since Subaru saw the tower’s light both times around when he activated "Return by death", it could also be risky to touch the subject in this case. 
 
For a second, he feels sorry that he can only report the truth in irregular bits-- 
 
Subaru: “If the tower lights up, doesn’t that mean The-Sage-in-The-Tower-san was watching us?”
 
Anastasia: “Not necessarily, it's night time too, it wouldn’t be strange to use a light.” 
 
Emilia: "I see. If “The Sage” noticed us, it may be a good idea to let him know that we don’t mean any harm." 
 
Except, since Subaru was so ambiguous about his argument, Emilia’s thoughts went in a completely different direction. Of course, it is a journey to seek friendly contact. 
 
If the cause of the light is the Sage, it is natural that such an opinion arises. 
 
But to Subaru, who knows the light is anything but friendly, this would be the same as running towards a cliff. 
 
Subaru: "Wait, let’s try to sort out our information for now. And then let’s decide whether or not to get in touch with the sage." 
 
Emilia:"Sort out our information?" 
 
Subaru: “Yeah, organize. Because, you know, it's all there. That light is not necessarily a sign of life from the sage. It’s more, uh... There's a possibility of it being a dangerous, searchlight-like light, isn't there?" 
 
Emilia: “Search...light..." 
 
Anastasia: "In other words, Natsuki-Kun suspects that the light he saw is from a defense mechanism that the "Sage" has planted?" 
 
Subaru: "That's it!" 
 
While Emilia is in her head trying to figure out a word that she wasn’t used to hearing, Anastasia/Scarf-dona gets to the true meaning of Subaru's words. And hearing that and pondering, is Julius. The Knight murmurs, “Is that so?” under his breath.
 
Julius: "I don't know whether the Sage has been alive for hundreds of years, or if it’s only exaggeration. Might there be some legacy left behind by the sage that still works as a device to protect the world?" 
 
Subaru: "Oh, oh... I didn't think so far ahead, but it's possible." 
 
Julius: "If that's the case, it would assume for convenience that everyone approaching is one who schemes to resurrect the “Witch of Envy”, even Royal messengers from the Kingdom. It has been a long-standing mystery as to why the Sages, who were supposed to be friendly to the Kingdom, would be as violent as stories told." 
 
In Julius’s words, it sounded like he was somewhat relieved, and Subaru admired that "So there’s also this way of thinking ?"
 
Indeed, if the defense system was prepared and left behind by the sages, even after the death of its master, it would still refuse intruders. It is not so strange for such a system to exist in a magical world. 
 
Subaru: "If that’s the case, I want you to give me a break because this trip will be a waste..." 
 
Ram: "If the Sage is dead, but there is any information or documents left by the Sage, it would be good too. It’s still too early to leave the world in despair, Barusu." 
 
Subaru: “I’m not gonna let Nee-sama’s bullying manner get to my head." 
 
If Julius’s speculations are correct, the whole foundation of this journey will be undermined. But even against such a possibility, Ram's determination does not shake. As one would expect. 
 
Anastasia: “In any case, to keep watch for hundreds of years without rest... Although in no way realistic, I don’t know if it’s even possible. Besides, I don’t think there's such a need to be disappointed about whether the “Sage” Shaula is dead or alive.” 
 
Emilia: "Really? Why?" 
 
Anastasia: "If you are a long-lived species, it’s not particularly surprising to be alive even now. Echidna’s birth itself was hundreds of years ago."
 
Pulling out the white scarf from inside her robe, Anastasia laughs. In response to that Emilia immediately touched her pendant, thinking of Puck. 
 
Emilia: "Oh, my Puck also lives a long time. I'm not losing to that Echidna." 
 
Subaru: "Why are you competing, Emilia-Tan? Well, my Beako is quite a loli granny too. Right?" 
 
Betty: "Do you think Betty will just laugh and answer that, I suppose? Disgusting." 
 
As Beatrice sneers with anger, Subaru shrugs.
 
When the conversation diverted from the subject, Ram claps her hands. 
 
Ram: "The Sage being dead or alive is not relevant to the discussion. Leaving that aside, the problem is the true identity of the light that Barusu saw. Whether that is dangerous, or just the illusion of Barusu’s, we have to reach a conclusion."
 
Subaru: "Sooner or later, it won't be very doubtful whether the contents of my report are true or false, to all of us."
 
Ram: “It's not about deciding if it's a lie or not, Ram will concede on this matter."
 
It might be that, if they don’t reach a general agreement, there won’t be any progress.
 
In any case, the discussion ends up returning to the subject of the true identity of the light. 
 
Subaru: “I..I think it’s dangerous. At least not friendly." 
 
Julius: "And the basis is, just intuition?" 
 
Subaru: "...Well, that's right." 
 
Julius: "Right... That’s troublesome." 
 
The light of the Watchtower - Subaru was convinced that it was the cause of both of his "deaths", but it is very difficult to convey that fact. So, he thought it would be impossible to use "intuition" as his reason, but surprisingly, Ram seriously considered the reply. 
 
And not only Ram but Emilia and Julius too. 
 
Subaru: “Eh? Just on my intuition? Aren’t you more suspicious??" 
 
Emilia: "If this was just a hunch, I think so, but it is Subaru's intuition, right? In that case, it makes more sense to think about it than to doubt it suddenly." 
 
Julius: "Don't be so self-deprecating. You've been through this kind of hopeless situation already, haven't you? There is a certain kind of intuition that only works for such a person. To put it in other words, it's sort of a rule of thumb....It's by no means something to make light of." 
 
Ram: "Like when field mice change their territory before heavy rain. Barusu’s intuition can’t be fooled." 
 
Subaru: "It's just stupid enough. . . . . .Is that what you’re saying?" 
 
Like a reflex reaction to the poisonous remarks thrown his way, Subaru’s shoulders relaxed a little. 
 
Not being able to reveal the source of his information, even to those close to him, is an absurd reality. Subaru had come across the same situation many times, but each time he was saved by the concern and trust of others, in the same way, over and over again. 
 
Rem in the royal capital. Otto and Ram in "Sanctuary". Emilia and Beatrice in the city of Pristella. They all believed in Subaru, in what he was. And so, 
 
Subaru: “Even if you want to call them out friendly, there’s no way to do it. If you even make a loud voice, Bear-san will come to welcome you before the sage does.” 
 
Julius: “That is something I want to avoid. Then, the realistic means should be sending Emilia-sama's magic... Or so it seems..” 
 
While looking towards the Watchtower, Julius stretches his right hand and closes one of his eyes. 
 
It's a gesture like a painter trying to figure out a distance. Then staying like that, silently thinking for a moment, 
 
Julius: “Roughly, from here to the Watchtower is around ten kilometers - from the front of the flower garden, it is not a realistic range to cast Emilia-sama’s magic.”
 
Subaru: “By the way, how far can you cast your magic Emilia-tan?" 
 
Emilia: “The distance? Well, I haven't tried to measure it before, so I don't know...But I don't think it can reach the tower from here. It will disappear before it hits." 
 
The silhouette of the “Watchtower” from this point is clearly closer than the silhouette that was visible before the "Sand Time". In fact, closer than they were after crossing the distance of the flower gardens. 
Even so, the plan to aim at the tower from the front of the flower gardens was not realistic. 
 
Subaru: “In the first place, if you could pass just by sending a message, Reinhard would be able to do it. Being that guy, it’s like.....couldn’t he make a magical attack that could cover the distance way beyond 10 kilometers?”
 
Julius: "There is no way of knowing that, except asking him, Reinhard probably didn't pass through "Sand Time" point when he challenged this trial. Until now, we've only reached so far because our Miss Anastasia...no, because Echidna knew the way." 
 
Subaru: "Is that so?...ah, shit. Don’t you know anything more?" 
 
As the proposal is rejected, Subaru points to Scarf-dona with a melancholic voice. Then, playing her part as Anastasia, Scarf-dona appears skillfully handling the muffler concealing her state,
 
Anastasia: "I don't know what to say. There was a road to go on the other side of “Sand Time”, and it was an unprecedented achievement just to be able to claim so. Shouldn't you give me more credit?”
 
Subaru: "We’re the first to get here, is that it? Knowing only half the way off memory, like you are giving directions to the newspaper stand. That’s a tough job. " 
 
Anastasia: “Hm, you have a point.” 
 
Subaru spouted a rude theory, but Scarf-dona didn’t try to refute it. The Scarf fell silent and that pondering attitude also passed onto Anastasia. Then, Anastasia raised her face suddenly, 
 
Anastasia: “That's right. But now, it seems it’s better to sum up the things we know at the moment.”
 
Subaru: “The things we know -- So...." 
 
Anastasia: “Natsuki-kun’s light of the tower, as well as the supposed danger of it, the extent of the demon beasts’ flower gardens in front of the tower, the three “Sand Times", and... Is there something else?” 
 
The information that Anastasia listed had all been established so far. 
 
It is important to build a path and pave the way to a conclusion. Subaru folds his arms and recalls the journey so far and the dangers he saw, for a while.
 
Subaru: “Now, this is the place that we came to after choosing to cross the "Sand Time" of the night. Then, it became too much of a burden on the dragons to pass through that flower field. And then, it seems Meili kept silent that she was bringing a monster along with us.” 
 
Meili: "huh!?"
 
Subaru says while counting on his fingers, and Meili’s shoulders raise up in a panic. At seeing the blatant reaction of the small girl, everyone’s eyes turned to her. 
 
Meili: “Wah-, wait, wait. Yes, big brother is right, but...How, how does big brother know that?”
 
Subaru: “Guesswork. It was just a leading question.” 
 
Julius: "Still, it seems that Subaru's imagination was right. ― what will you do?" 
 
Julius, in a quiet voice, asks about the procedure for Meili’s betrayal. Hearing that attitude, Meili’s face turned pale, but Subaru didn’t want to make matters worse.
 
Stopping Julius with his hand and fixing his eyes on Meili,
 
Subaru: "Don't worry. I'm not talking about scolding her. I understand it’s just your insurance. Still, it was just a suspicious factor." 
 
Meili: "Do, do you want me to let it go? Then, you won’t be angry?" 
 
Subaru: "There's no need to let it go. If you think you need one, please keep it. If we’re surrounded by a group of Oiran bears, or chased, it would be a great help." 
 
Meili: "------" 
 
Thinking he must be joking, Meili widened her eyes and just nodded. Just to be sure, Subaru looks back at Julius, who has yet to loosen his vigilant eyes, 
 
Subaru: "That's what children do. Let’s give her a pass.” 
 
Julius: "If it is a child that can only be handled properly, I also do so with my full power. However, the girl’s power is too strong to simply trust and let her go. Even more so in the land of Augria, which can be said to be the garden of demon beasts." 
 
Subaru: "Even so. We’re all sharing the same Dragon Carriage, so please get along." 
 
When Subaru says so, Julius hesitates a bit and then stops going for his sword. 
 
Then, instead of the silent Julius, Emilia raised her hand. 
 
Emilia: "So, Subaru. Let’s continue the talk from earlier." 
 
Subaru: "Yes, yes. I'll go on." 
 
Emilia: "When it comes to passing through the flower gardens...What do you plan to do? Do you want to try the same thing with another “Sand Time” and try out a different place?"
 
Subaru: "On the other hand, though.... Just a second, there’s something I'd like to try." 
 
Emilia: "Something you want to try?" 
 
Emilia, who had no idea what Subaru was thinking, tilted her head in confusion. Copying Emilia’s tilted head, Subaru turned his eyes toward the flower gardens - the sea of flowers surrounding the Watchtower. 
 
Of course, he couldn't see the end of it― 
 
Subaru: “If the flower garden has an opening somewhere, at least we won't have to worry about being targeted from all sides. Whether there is an edge like that or not, it’s worth a try, right?” 
 
※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※
 
 
―And so, their plan had all the participants going to check for the existence of any edge on the flower gardens. 
 
Julius: “If moving in separate groups, getting lost would be devastating Besides, it won’t be sensible to advance in the immediate vicinity of monsters without Miss Meili's assistance.”
 
Julius's point gained everyone’s unanimous approval.
 
Subaru also agreed on this and decided to give priority to safety rather than convenience alone. 
 
Subaru: "Well, I’d like to start departing soon, but..." 
 
Everyone prepares to depart, getting on their respective dragon carriage or earth dragon. 
 
If they make the rule to always keep the Watchtower’s silhouette on their right side, the party can make sure they are following North. 
 
However, whether the rules of East, West, North, and South still work in the dunes, is a different story. 
 
Subaru: "When you calmly think about it, this whole place is also a strange case of space-time distortion. If by going through the "Sand Time" you arrive here, it’s somewhat similar to “door crossing”……" 
 
Betty: "I don't know what Subaru is trying to say. The application of "door crossing" surely distorts space, and makes the physical distance vague, I suppose. Betty set up Subaru into it once, too." 
 
Subaru: "You did, to me? When?" 
 
Betty: "......I'll never forget it, on our first encounter, I suppose." 
 
Subaru: “First encounter...Oh! In Roswaal’s mansion, when I cleared the corridor that seemed to be an infinite loop! I'm sorry about that. Even though you prepared it so hard, I’ll do my best not to do something like that again. . . . . . Sorry?”
 
Betty: "You seriously apologizing for it is seriously frustrating! Forget it, I suppose!" 
 
Subaru: “You reminded me....”
 
Betty: "Tch-! That's it!" 
 
Riding with him, Beatrice was getting somewhat angry, Subaru had no choice but to take on the difficult task of handling the peculiar girl. For the time being, he held her in his arms and calmed her down, commanded Patrasche to walk towards the dragon carriage, and then
 
Subaru: “Are you ready there?” 
 
Julius: "Without a problem. After that, Emilia-sama would like to do one thing." 
 
Emilia: "That's right." 
 
Nodding to Julius, who had finished his preparations on the carriage’s coach, Subaru looked up at the roof. As in their march into the flower garden, Emilia’s position is still fixed on the roof of the dragon carriage. 
 
Subaru raised his hand to Emilia, who seemed enthusiastic while standing high, and asked her to create a "Landmark" just like earlier. 
 
Subaru: “Emilia-tan, please here. For the time being, this is our base camp. Be as quiet as possible…...like, without disturbing the demon beasts" 
 
Emilia: “Okay, understood... If I wake up a demon beast with this, all the trouble we went to being all quiet back then would be meaningless, right. So, quietly, quietly, quiet--ly.” 
 
Subaru slowly moves his hand gesturing to go slowly, and Emilia mimics it while before their eyes, a tower of ice rises up from the sand floor. 
 
It seemed like they were right in their judgment that it would proceed quietly, in fact, the ice tower was built slowly and gently, and he could not hear the usual sound of tensing in the air. A few parts came out looking a bit weak, but it had a fine finish, and seemed to be able to fulfill its role safely. 
 
Emilia: "Is it okay?" 
 
Subaru: "O.K. No problems. As expected, Emilia-tan!" 
 
Giving the anxious Emilia a big ‘O’ and ‘K’, Subaru peeks in the direction of the flower beds. There were concerns over if the demon beasts would be able to sense mana activity, but fortunately, there was no signs of any movement other than the sweet scent of nectar flowing from the flower gardens.
 
Actually, it seemed quite dull. 
 
Subaru: "Even now I wonder, why they pretend to be a flower garden...? If they want to camouflage themselves, don't you think a desert is a strange place to do it?" 
 
Betty: "Demon beasts aren’t expected to have that much intelligence, I suppose.. They’re simple, can't do anything except what is carved into their instincts, and they think of nothing else. Animals are just like this, I suppose." 
 
Subaru: "I see. Very interesting―" 
 
Beatrice’s makes a bitter evaluation at his bosom. Nodding at those words, Subaru diverted his gaze to the flower garden and aimed to give the order to their departure --and he noticed.
 
At the edge of his field of vision that looked towards the flower garden, a change took place, something was different in the flower garden.
 
The Watchtower glowed. 
 
Subaru: “--Emilia!!” 
 
Emilia: "...!?" 
 
This time Subaru raised his voice and called out to Emilia on the roof. Hearing the urgency in his voice, Emilia held on tight to her position. But, the effect of light exceeded it. 
 
"...hk?" 
 
Making a violent sharp sound, something hits the ice tower, and smashes it to pieces.
 
The ice tower, which was long, thin and about ten meters tall, was nothing but fragile. However, as if destroying a sand castle, the attack broke the ice with ease, and reduced it to mana. 
 
―Again, he couldn't see it. But, he understood. 
 
Subaru: “I knew that light would attack――” 
 
Betty: “Subaru! Next one is coming!” 
 
While his body is bathed in crushed ice fragments, Subaru turns his neck to Beatrice's call. Immediately after that, the Watchtower shines again, as thought. 
 
The light's next blow was aimed at Subaru. 
 
― The light approaches at a speed that does not even allow them to blink, and it targets his vital points with its single blow.
 
Its devastating power is already known to Subaru, who had died from it. 
 
Therefore, the moment his brain detects that it has been targeted by the light, "death" has already been determined. 
 
"――――" 
 
The light attacked, aiming straight for Subaru's forehead. 
 
It is "death" itself, killing its prey without a sound, only leaving behind a skewing wind. Natsuki Subaru is once again, at his wit’s end, about to be killed in cold blood. 
 
Subaru: “E. M. M” 
 
Betty: “I suppose!” 
 
―in this case, Natsuki Subaru was not the only one who was aimed at.
 
The sound echoed, and the attack that should have hit Subaru, misses. 
 
The cause is simple: Subaru’s strength surpassed the power of the attack. 
 
"E. M. M" is one of the three original spells Subaru developed with Beatrice. 
 
This particular one is “Absolute Defense Magic”.
 
During the activation of E. M. M, Subaru will not receive any interference from the outside world. It is the result of applying all of Beatrice's Yin magic skill and knowledge into manipulating time and space in a limited area around Subaru.
 
Subaru: "I know the effect is similar to that bastard’s, but I kinda feel weird...ah!?" 
 
Regulus, Sin Archbishop representing "Greed", could stop the effect of time in his body by the transferring of his heart. 
 
E. M. M can be said to be a downsized version of that ability. However, there is no harmful side effect like stopping the heart, and you can be invincible as long as one’s mana is not exhausted. 
 
In this situation, though, it's nothing more than buying some time. 
 
Subaru: "But, ugh!? Just buying time? I’ve got important things to do!?!?" 
 
Betty: "Hey! Subaru, what are you screaming for!? Are you okay, I suppose??" 
 
Behind Subaru, Beatrice's worried voice yells as she shields them. It was like this because even though they were being defended, sound and shock are still transmitted.
 
After activating E. M. M, the light of the Watchtower seemed to wonder why Subaru was not dying even after being hit again and again, so it kept bombarding him with consecutive attacks.
 
Subaru: "Oi!? uf!? uh!?"
 
The speed of the rapid fire and the accuracy of its aim were extraordinary. 
 
Although the pain and shock  passes right through Subaru's body, unfortunately, it is human reflex to react with a yell when something hits him.
 
Emilia: "Subaru! It’s already...eh!" 
 
Watching Subaru being showered by a concentrated attack, Emilia tries to cover him from atop the roof. 
 
Looking to protect Subaru from the Watchtower’s attack, a thick and enormous ice barrier is raised from the sandy ground. Perhaps, the toughest defensive wall Emilia could create in an instant. 
 
It was a shield from the attacks that were being shot at Subaru without any other aim, but―
 
Emilia: "No way!?" 
 
Julius: "Even the ice walls do not stand a chance!"
 
Emilia lets out a shriek and Julius a startled cry, as they could see, the ice wall was crushed in one shot. 
 
That unbelievable power--was not the only reason. The ice wall was struck, but somehow weakened the light enough to avoid it hitting Subaru. A lot of it bounced back and struck the sand, which blew up in a white smoke.
 
If you look at Emilia’s damaged ice wall, it was melted rather than drilled. 
 
Emilia: "Heat? Did the heat... melt the ice?" 
 
Julius: “Something fell to the ground....a needle?"
 
Looking at the effects of the attack, Emilia and Julius get different conclusions at the same time.
 
In the meantime, the attack continues. Subaru was assaulted by a staggering amount of attacks, and even though he was in an invincible state, it was exceeding their limit.
 
Betty: "Subaru! There's a problem!" 
 
Subaru: "I’m listeni--ah! But I can’t--ugh!” 
 
Betty: "If things keep going the way they are, we’ll be running out of mana very soon, I suppose!" 
 
Subaru: "Already!?" 
 
Betty: "It’s almost over!" 
 
At Beatrice’s cry, Subaru grinds his teeth while still being shot at.
 
Of course, what Beatrice means to say is not "Since mana is running out, you should supply more, I suppose." but "Since mana is running out, we should counterattack, I suppose."
 
Subaru: "Can you do it?”
 
Betty: "What a foolish question, I suppose!" 
 
Beatrice doesn’t even answer his question.
 
Hearing the response of his trusted partner, Subaru loosens his jaw as he prepares himself. 
 
Subaru: “The third is incomplete. . . . . . . Let's go with the second one!" 
 
Betty: "I'm going to deactivate E. M. M right after it hits!" 
 
There was no time. 
 
Subaru looked at Emilia, Emilia looked at him and nodded. There was no time to discuss concrete measures. But he believed it was conveyed. 
 
Subaru: "-hkk!?"
 
The light sets off, and again Subaru suffers a direct hit. Because E. M. M is activated, the attack will not reach him - it will be canceled.
 
Each of the original spells is a trump card that can only be used once a day. Upon releasing E. M. M, Subaru will lose its protective function against that light. 
 
And they'll have to fight back before the next one reaches――, 
 
???: “The light--!” 
 
As if it could read Subaru’s actions, the next strike of light was even faster. 
 
So far, the speed, power and frequency are obviously meant to finish off Subaru. Naturally, with Subaru's paper-thin defense, only one shot would be enough to send him out of this world if it hits directly.
 
And so,----
 
Emilia: “Stop!” 
 
A vortex of magical power gets casted in multiple manners in front of Subaru, and creates walls of ice standing on the sand ground. This time the defense that was not limited to only one wall, but six sheets of ice walls were made in the same time. 
 
The light struck straight into that six-sheet defense. It went through the first one simply, the second one with ease, the third one like it was nothing. 
 
However, there was a slight resistance on the fourth sheet, and the fifth one almost managed to stand up. And in the sixth and last one, the speed of light was clearly dulled. ― But could still go through it. 
 
The light penetrated through the sixth ice wall, and was about to pierce through the forehead of defenseless Subaru. 
 
― Just before it hit, a Knight’s Sword draws a semicircle, catching the light that had lost its speed and cuts it off. 
 
Julius: "Unfortunately, there are a number of women who will grieve if he is hurt――" 
 
Rushing from the dragon carriage to them and striking the light with a slash of his sword without minding the danger, is Julius.
 
Emilia's defense weakened it, and Julius stopped it. 
 
Even though he is slightly jealous of the combined technique, Subaru’s preparation is complete. 
 
Subaru: "Let's go! The second! Absolute invalidation magic "E · M · T"!" 

Lifting up the hood that protected him from the sand, Subaru opened his mouth wide and chanted.


Then, hiding behind Subaru’s back, Beatrice drained mana from Subaru and multiplied it with her own magical power to cast a new spell. 
 
"――――" 
 
In the next moment, a light expands around Subaru and Beatrice, forming a spherical field of about ten meters, also encompassing the dragon carriage. 
 
It was transparent in appearance, equally wrapped themselves in a sphere of light. 
 
However, the effect is enormous. 
 
Julius: “This is...." 
 
In front of the astonished Julius, the Watchtower again radiates light. He sees it at the corner of his eyes and takes up his sword at once, instantly opening his eyes wide.
 
The light went straight ahead, aiming directly for Subaru, but the moment it entered the field, it simply had lost all of its force. The overwhelming speed that seemingly surpassed even bullets disappeared, and the only thing left behind after losing speed and power was a strange white object, that was long and slender.
 
It was easily brought down by Julius’s swinging sword, falling on the sand and scattering away.
 
Subaru: "A Needle, huh?" 
 
Julius: "Something like that. No, more than that, Subaru, this magic..." 
 
Subaru: “Wait, Wait, Wait! There are heaps of things I want to talk about, but for now we have to withdraw! Get in the dragon carriage right away! Let's get out of here! We can’t take too long!” 
 
Julius: ". .! Understood! Let's hurry!" 
 
With the call of urgency, Julius jumps into the dragon carriage along with his questions. He took the reins immediately, and the dragon carriage turned over its head towards the "Sand Time". 
 
It would be a suicidal act to go towards the Watchtower now. This was the right decision and he had no choice but to believe it. 
 
Subaru: "Let's go! Don't get too far from me! Stay within the light!" 
 
Emilia: "Wah, Subaru, Wow! Even though the light’s firing. ...." 
 
Clinging to the roof of the running dragon carriage, Emilia watches Subaru with astonishment. 
 
It seems like even though it has no effect, the light continues to target Subaru. But no matter how many attacks it launched, the light will simply lose its power as soon as it enters the E · M · T field, and fall into the sand as it is. The invalidation is absolute. 
 
Julius: "At any rate, it's a great power. Is this yours and Beatrice-sama’s trump card of some sort?" 
 
Subaru: "One of the trump cards! I'm not going to spoil it! For now, our priority should probably be getting away from the Watchtower!! No, definitely!”
 
Julius: "I think it is an application of Yin magic, invalidating the effects of mana within the range? If that's the case, it's the natural enemy of mages...... No, you're a formidable opponent for anyone who uses mana to aid their skills." 
 
Subaru: "I would say, it only seems to give a relative advantage, it doesn’t make me stronger. I'll still lose in a fair fight against a strong guy. This is the ability that I developed thinking of when I’ll give Ros-chi a black eye." 
 
It seemed Julius had genuinely praised him, so he felt a little better.
 
Of course, escaping from the attack of the Watchtower also brought him relief, but in any case, it was nothing more than “letting his guard down”". 
 
However, it was probably impossible to predict what “letting his guard down” would bring right now, even for Subaru, so no one could be blamed. 
 
Emilia: "Subaru! Are we going back to the dunes in front the flower garden this way?" 
 
Subaru: "For just a short time, but yeah! We need to polish and refine our countermeasure anyhow--” 
 
Saying that, “Sand Time”, the way to their retreat, swirls in the sandy wind----The moment E · M · T field touches it, the "World" breaks.
 
Subaru: "huh--?" 
 
Betty: "Damn it, I suppose!" 
 
Until then, Beatrice had been clinging to his body with relief at getting through the attacks. 
 
Right in front of her, the view of the nightly sand dunes was tore apart as she watched, making her voice tremble. 
 
Betty: "The distortion of space is invalidated by E · M · T!" 
 
Subaru: “Eh?" 
 
Betty: "It’s like you said, I suppose! The distortion here is similar to Betty's “door crossing” in that house. In other words, the distorted space will return to its original state!" 
 
Subaru: "What does that mean--?” 
 
Subaru's question does not go on to the end, only the feeling of Beatrice clinging to him remains.
 
As it is, the "World" is torn and unraveled like paper, coming apart, and the crack in space swallowed up Patrasche with Subaru and Beatrice, and the dragon carriage with Emilia and the others. 
 
Subaru: “NOT good..... Emilia!?" 
 
Emilia: "Subaru――" 
 
Thrown down into the darkness, Subaru cried out while losing any effects of gravity.
 
He didn't know where the dragon carriage was. But he could hear Emilia's voice echoing in response to Subaru's cry. 
 
Subaru: “This is――" 
 
Bad, before he could say it, he was thrown out into the other side of the broken space... 
 
※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※
 
 
"――――" 
 
The boundary between the flower field and the sand sea was broken, and it was seen that a small group was swallowed in it. 
 
"――――" 
 
From very, very far away, watching, a shadow wriggled inside the tower. 
 
It walked away from the window, stepped onto the cobblestones, and went down a spiral staircase. 
 
Its steps were slow, but gradually became faster and more impatient. 
 
Shadow: “---Found him." 
 
And, as if it hadn’t spoken in many years, let out a cracking murmur. 
 
Except, no one who heard it would be mistaken, it sounded absolutely delighted. 
 
Shadow: “Found him.” 
 
That was for sure. 



Chapter 13
― Space distorted, the world broke, and they fell straight into the rift in reality that resulted from it.
 
As if it was made of fragile thin paper, the world was easily torn apart. 
 
Swallowed by the distorted space, Subaru’s eardrums heard no sound, which was in stark contrast to the magnificent visuals around him. 
 
He only heard a voice screaming, as if someone was calling him. 
 
Even that voice also faded away, and before long, he could not hear it. 
 
The feeling of someone holding his chest also went missing, and the hands holding him were tore away from each other, drifting apart far away. 
 
With no one around, abandoned in this empty place, it seemed like he became completely alone.
 
While being tormented by such loneliness and sadness, Subaru's consciousness began slowly emerging. 
 
And then――

※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※


Ram: "How long are you going to sleep? Get up, lazy Barusu."
 
Subaru: "aahk?"
 
Feeling something sharp poking at his side,Subaru got up screaming in pain at the shock. 
 
Having jumped up reflexively, sand falls off from all around his body. Coughing, he spits out dirt which had gotten into his mouth. 
 
 
Subaru: "ahk! thu! ptuu! Huh! What? What happened??"
 
Rubbing his eyes, he checks his surroundings as he stands up. With shaky knees and a poor foothold, he gets up comically. Beneath his feet, the fine grains of sand were laid just as before. 
 
As his consciousness returns, Subaru could determine that this was an extension of the Augria dunes. However, the view around him was not clear. Because it was dark, really dark. 
 
In the darkness where he can’t even see his own hands, Subaru's eye caught the presence of a small artificial light.
 
Ram: "You can sleep so well in such an emergency, it's amazing. I’m speechless."
 
A bitter voice hits him, and the owner of the light snorts. 
 
What is emitting the light is a type of manastone, and the light is made of processed ragmite ore and fashioned into a tool like a lantern. Looking at the face illuminated by the light, Subaru raised his eyebrows. 
 
Subaru: "...Ram, is that you?"
 
Ram: "Who else can you see? Rem? I didn’t expect such a lame answer."
 
Subaru: "......You and Rem look alike, but it oozes from inside that you are not her."
 
In response to Ram, who seems  harsher than usual, Subaru gives a bitter reply. He took the lantern out of her and looked around with the light. 
 
Subaru: "This place, where is it? What happened?"
 
Ram: "Ram also wants to know the whereabouts of this place. As for what happened, it is three times worse than what Barusu can imagine.”  
 
Subaru: "Does that mean you expect me to be an optimist? Do you look down on pessimists?"
 
Ram: "In this case, I wonder which is better."
 
That reply was probably accompanied by a shrug.
 
Even if she is right next to him, it’s hard to tell Ram’s state in the darkness, as the space illuminated by the light is awfully large. Perhaps it seems that they are in some sort of hollow space. 
 
Overhead, there was a slightly tall ceiling, joined with walls that indicated the extent of its depth.
 
Subaru: "Can't feel any air flow, can't see the sky. You mean we were thrown in somewhere...?"
 
Ram: "If Beatrice-sama’s words before we were separated are true, the space distortion is the cause, right?"
 
Subaru: "Separated.......That's right, separated! Where are the others!?"
 
While listening to Ram’s disinterested and emotionless demeanor, his understanding caught up with reality. 
 
Subaru moved the light from right to left, seeking a figure other than Ram’s in their surroundings. However, as he searched the illuminated space, the figure that he desperately wanted to see was not reflected. 
 
Ram: "As you can see, we were separated. Barusu’s nullification magic tricked the Watchtower... As a result, it’s not clear, but maybe instead of going into the right path, we were trapped in a distorted space-time where we’ll wander forever."
 
Subaru: "What are you saying!? Why are you so calm? The combination of me and you... It's totally randomly shuffled!?"
 
At Ram’s calm expression, Subaru’s face turns pale and he raises his voice. 
 
Beatrice’s cries, space breaking apart right before his eyes, and he instantly remembers it. The rift swallowed Subaru and the others’ whole party and dragged them into another space. 
 
At that time, Subaru and Ram were both travelling along, but they should have been in different groups. Subaru was riding Patrasche, and Ram was in the dragon carriage. 
 
Ram: "It seems that this separation does not take into account who you are in contact with to determine who accompanies who. As soon as we entered the rift, Ram should have been hugging Rem... But it turned out like this."
 
Subaru: "I was also supposed to be clinging to Beako. And yet I can’t find her ..... I can’t see her..... No way, there’s only Ram here with me? What kind of grouping is this..."
 
If the condition of that separation was not contact, then is there any other reason?
 
This group was made up of eight. There is no particular common feature that only Subaru and Ram share... Again, is it completely random? 
 
Subaru: "No, I’ll postpone guessing the conditions for now! More than that, we have to hurry and join up with everyone....... No! There’s something even more important! Rem!"
 
Ram: "――――"
 
Subaru: "You and I are two, so it's still good. If any of the others who were separated were with someone else, there’s still hope. But if there's someone who's alone, and if that's Rem...... That’s awful."
 
Emilia and Julius, who single-handedly took on all the fighting power in this party, were no problem. 
 
Meili and Beatrice could also manage to get by alone with their respective abilities. In terms of Anastasia/Scarf-dona, there is probably a trump card used to fight back against "Lust". 
 
Although less honourable than other ones, Subaru and Ram’s combination was still manageable. 
 
― But, Rem was a different story. 
 
Unlike the others, Rem is unable to perform any independent actions by herself. 
 
Even if there is someone with her, protecting the perpetually sleeping girl would turn any kind of undertaking into a Herculean task. And the worst of all, if Rem was completely isolated from others, then “death” would be the only thing awaiting her in this lonely sand sea.
 
Subaru: "It's important for us to meet up with everyone else, but the top priority is securing Rem! I can't leave her in such a lonely place. That much is sure....Not at all. Absolutely not.......!"
 
Ram: "...... Barusu."
 
Subaru: "Cause I said I'd bring you here.......Thinking that you might be able to wake up if you meet "The Sage". It’s useless. Absolutely, shit, just Rem.......!"
 
Ram: "Barusu, calm down. Even I will lose it now....."
 
Subaru: "Why are you telling me to calm down? Are not you worried because Rem is missing from your memory!?"
 
Ram: "- huh! There is no such thing!"
 
Imagining the worst possibility, Subaru starts mumbling desperately about the future, and counting up his regrets. Hearing Subaru speak, Ram could not stand it and exploded. 
 
She grabs the confused Subaru by his collar and presses him hard against the sand wall behind him. 
 
Ram: "Do you think you're the only one who cares about Rem? Don’t push it too far, Barusu. Even without my true feelings, Ram is still Rem’s older sister. Don't make a fool of me."
 
Subaru: "――――"
 
Ram: "......I can still slightly feel my connection with her. So, at least for now she is ok. That much is certain, so settle down for the time being."
 
It’s not like that face expresses any emotion. However, seeing the unbearable unease and sadness in her eyes as she tried to appear calm, Subaru loosened the tension in his shoulders. Ram also moved her hands. Released from being pushed on the wall, Subaru looks down in shame. 
 
Subaru: "...... My bad. I'm sorry. Really, I was the worst idiot right now."
 
Ram: "Just about, as usual. If Barusu starts to reflect on his life, it’ll take a whole day. Stop wasting our time."
 
Subaru: "...... Uh, my bad."
 
Experiencing Ram’s sharp tongue and emotional testimony, Subaru finally lets out a single apology. Then he slaps his cheeks with all his strength, getting back his fighting spirit.
 
Although Ram assured him that Rem was safe, the fear of her being alone couldn’t be dispelled. Their situation will not change if they don’t reunite with the others soon. 
 
Subaru: "Anyway, let's rush this reunion. Ram, can't you use your connection with Rem to work out her location?"
 
Ram: “It's difficult. That girl is asleep, so the only thing transmitted is her heartbeat. There are other means of “clairvoyance”, but...They’re not too reliable."
 
Subaru: "Why?"
 
Ram: "This sand dunes, it’s full of mabeasts, and there are almost no ordinary animals or plants around. "Clairvoyance" is not able to borrow their sights if its wavelength does not match with Ram’s. It doesn't synchronize with the Demon Beasts. And at this time, Ram is only able to borrow the eyes from Barusu’s earth dragon."
 
Subaru: “Patrasche? No, that should be enough. I want to check if Patrasche and Gyan are with someone, especially if we can rescue the whole dragon carriage."
 
Ram: "...... That, wouldn’t be very useful."
 
At Ram’s disinterested attitude, Subaru feels frustrated and tilts his head, deep in thought. Now was the time to collect as much information as they could to get reunited again.
 
And yet, he couldn’t understand why Ram was hesitating here. 
 
However, before he could touch on the subject of her true intentions, an answer appeared in front of them both. 
 
Subaru: "...?"
 
Subaru sees a light pass by from the corner of his eyes, different from the lantern he was holding.
 
Subaru shivered as he had a bad experience with light passing through the edge of his sight, but the light that appeared was shaken by a gentle movement, totally different from that.
 
The light gradually comes closer, and slowly the figures become clearer,
 
Anastasia: "Ram-san and Natsuki-kun, it seems that your discussion is over?"
 
Subaru: “- Anastasia and Patrasche?"
 
Hearing the familiar Kararagi dialect, Subaru’s head slightly lifted up in surprise. In front of him, holding the lantern from which the light that Subaru saw emanated, and straddling Patrasche’s back, is Anastasia. 
 
At Anastasia’s question, Ram bows as she lifts the hem of her robe on the spot. 
 
Ram: "Thank you for your consideration, Anastasia-sama. May I ask, how are the surroundings?"
 
Anastasia: "I just checked all the way back, but I could not see any of the other children. There are only three of us out here... and this sort-of-girl."
 
Ram: "Is that so?"
 
Annastasia: "There is no use worrying about it. Although it may be a pitiful fact."
 
Ram: "Thank you for your concern. Oh, I see... I shall do so."
 
To Anastasia on top of the Dragon, Ram responded politely. From the course of the conversation, Subaru vaguely understood that Anastasia had been looking around. 
 
But even convinced of that, there was not enough information to understand what was going on.
 
Subaru: “Hey, Ram. Weren't we the only ones here? What does this mean, can you explain?"
 
Ram: "I don't remember telling you that Ram and Barusu were alone. Barusu was the one who made that rash judgment of his own accord. Unsightly."
 
Subaru: "You were so worried about Rem you failed to mention it, is what you mean, charming Nee-sama."  
 
Ram: “huh--"
 
Hearing Subaru, Ram snorted her nose with her usual tone. 
 
Subaru walks towards Anastasia while recovering from that attitude.
 
Subaru: “Regardless of any deception, it’s good news that Anastasia is safe. I'm relieved.”
 
Anastasia: "Are you not confusing this “deception” with a misunderstanding?? I would be relieved to learn that I am not alone. Besides, Natsuki-kun’s earth dragon Patrasche-chan was a very helpful good girl."
 
Stepping on the saddle, Anastasia carefully tries to get down off of Patrasche. And Patrasche immediately crouches down to help her descent. 
 
As expected, a proper earth dragon. It’s a handsome earth dragon. But it’s a female. 
 
Subaru: "No one else is hiding, right? It’s genuinely just the four of us?"
 
Anastasia: "Including Patrasche-chan, there is no doubt that we are four people. Emilia-san and Julius would have no reason not to come forth...but, I don't know about Meili-chan."
 
Subaru: "She might have taken advantage of the commotion to run away, huh... You don’t have to say it.."
 
Picturing the  girl with braided hair in his mind, Subaru thought about Meili’s options.
 
Just before being separated, Meili’s secret insurance for having a demon beast accompanying them was exposed by Subaru. Subaru who "Returned by death" actually knows that Meili’s monster served to protect the dragon carriage, both from the Watchtower and flocks of attacking Oiran bears.
 
However, since that was an event that didn’t happen in this loop, essentially, the only one who knows Meili’s reason for having the sandworm follow them is the girl herself. 
 
In this particular situation, having Meili escape the group and try to leave the sand dunes alone wouldn’t be strange. 
 
Subaru: "But, she won’t do that..... is what I want to believe."
 
Anastasia: "Expectations? Or should it be trust?"
 
Subaru: "Make what you will of it. Leaving that aside, how are the surroundings?"
 
Setting aside the topic of Meili, Subaru asks Anastasia for a report on her inspection. She put her hands in the sleeves of the robe and tilted her head, saying, "About that, huh."
 
Anastasia: “Judging from what I saw, we are certainly in the sand dunes, but... perhaps this place could be the underground."
 
Subaru: "Underground? How could there be an underground in sand dunes?"
 
Anastasia: "Under the sand of the dunes. A cave... More of a cavity, so to speak, but the temperature is obviously lower than above ground, and the air also feels heavy."
 
Subaru nods as the girl swings her robe in an appealing gesture, joining the front parts to keep out the cold. 
 
Certainly, the chilliness of the atmosphere felt here is far stronger than the earlier setting. In a space with a tall ceiling where you can’t see the sky, it was a suitable guess. 
 
Subaru: "Underneath the dunes... I’ve got a bad feeling about this. I pray that this isn’t a sandworm’s lair."
 
Anastasia: "Uh...... That’s....."
 
It's a possible scenario. 
 
In fact, they have witnessed the existence of sandworms inhabiting the ground, and given the enormity of the individuals employed by Meili, this cavity is just large enough for it to be possible. Considering the ecology of eyeless sandworms, this dark space devoid of any light would be an exact fit. 
 
Subaru: "I mean, this team seriously lacks combat power..... Me, Ram and Anastasia, is this a special front of non-combatants!?"
 
Ram: “Emilia-sama’s own knight, proudly describing himself as a non-combatant... This is hopeless.”
 
Subaru: "I’m just stating the reality. Without Beatrice, I can’t be so conceited and rely on my whip skills alone."
 
In terms of everyone’s self-defense measures, this really was a group that lacked fighting power. Restrained Ram and Subaru without Beatrice, to name a few. 
 
Ram: "By the way, what about Beatrice-sama? Do you feel any connection relating to your contract?"
 
Subaru: "Unfortunately, my and Beako’s heart are strongly tied, but not in a realistic sense... No, Beatrice said before that she could feel me, but I can’t.”
 
Ram: “Useless"
 
Subaru: "Shut up."
 
As Ram sighs and looks away, Subaru discreetly zoomed his face closer to Anastasia. As he murmured at her calm composer, 
 
Subaru: "So, can you fight? What do you say?"
 
Anastasia/Scarf-dona: "If it comes to it, of course I’ll fight no matter what. But it will shorten Ana's life. I’d like to avoid it as much as possible. I would be relying on you guys."
 
Subaru: "Those expectations will probably not be met. I don't know if that's a good thing or bad."
 
For a moment, Subaru snorted at Anastasia, who appeared as Echidna. 
 
Then, looking at Patrasche, who quietly awaited for instructions, Subaru stroked the tip of her nose with his palm. The jet-black dragon kept silent and nuzzled Subaru with her hard scales. 
 
Subaru: “It hurts, it hurts, but... It's a relief. Without Emilia or Beatrice...... But I'm relieved to have you. Except, it still doesn’t make a complete group reunion."
 
Ram: "- Barusu."
 
As he was sharing his anxieties with Patrasche, at Ram’s call he looked back at her. Then, Ram crossed her arms while facing Subaru and jerked her chin towards Anastasia. 
 
Ram: "We can't stand here forever. Let's move to meet up with others. Fortunately, thanks to Anastasia, we have light. Ram and the rest will proceed."
 
Subaru: “Oh.......I didn't know, the light was brought by Anastasia."
 
Anastasia: "Just before the dragon carriage was swallowed, I could only grab the emergency bag that was prepared by Natsuki-kun. Thanks to you, I was able to bring in the light, a knife, and some emergency food."
 
Anastasia pointed at Patrasche, where a small emergency bag was hanging on the saddle. It is literally the equipment that Subaru had prepared for the dragon carriage as an "emergency take-out". 
 
Even if such opportunity doesn’t occur to use it, he felt relieved that he had thought of it. 
 
Subaru: "You shouldn’t have made fun of the wit I have in hand, after all... From now on, let's not forget to check the emergency door at any place where we will stay for the first time."
 
Ram: "Jokes aside, it is Barusu’s hand. So, I will give you a light as a reward, please lead the way at once."
 
Subaru: “Huh...... This is reward?"
 
Passing him the lantern, both Ram and Anastasia get on Patrasche’s back.

This scene, regardless of how you see it, puts Subaru in the position of a servant.
 
Anastasia: “As a matter of fact, it's easily a three-seater...there would be plenty of room if Ram-san and I cramp in, wouldn’t it?"
 
Ram: "Let's stop there, Anastasia-sama. If he can get close, you can imagine Barusu would happily try to touch my body."
 
Subaru: "You are imagining stuff all your own, but if you go that way I'll imagine a lot more than that! Don’t mess with me! I’ll give you a taste of puberty"
 
He strongly argues with his middle finger up, and Anastasia smiles bitterly, as one would expect. Ram reacts as usual, as Subaru continues walking the cave with one lantern in his hand.

Subaru and Ram's light skirmish made it seem like they had forgotten the circumstances - but it surely hid their anxiety in each other's heart and brought just a bit of relief to their minds.
 
Perhaps they both realized it, but didn’t say anything.
 
※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※
 
Although walking anxiously, Subaru and the others were advancing through the Great Cave of the sand. 
 
As expected, Patrasche is used to it, and there won’t be any problem with her movement even if you were to put two heavy stones on her back. Apart from the feeling of sand entering his boots, Subaru had learned the technique for walking in the sand sea these past few days, and was able to proceed without much difficulty. 
 
Subaru: “The wind...... I can kind of feel it, and also can’t."
 
Ram: "I feel it. But given the wind's thinness, it's still a long way from being connected to above ground."
 
Along the way, wetting his finger on his tongue, Subaru tried to examine the airflow, but it wasn’t quite clear. On the other hand, as the wind-sensitive Ram feels it out, she concludes that the exit is still far ahead. 
 
The way to this exit was what he wanted to give priority to, looking to meet up with his companions. Unfortunately, though, there was no indication that the signs of wind would be very reliable. 
 
Ram: "Emilia-sama and Julius-sama shouldn’t get lost due to the guidance of the lesser spirits. And that's why I doubt that there is a malicious intent in the selection of this grouping."
 
Subaru: "Well, it is quite useful to be guided by a lesser spirit. Damn, in my case Beako is so strong that she keeps away the lesser spirits. She’s far beyond their capacity."
 
To be clear, this was something beyond Emilia and Julius’s exceptional fighting power. 
 
Even when setting out to look for a lost member, things may not proceed as you would expect. You can only try not to overlook anything around you as much as possible when you proceed.
 
Anastasia: "Ram-san, before Natsuki-kun woke up..... seemed  considerably shaken. Looking for Rem now, she seems to be hiding behind her attitude."
 
Subaru: "...... Is that so."
 
Secretly, Anastasia shares this story, which made his fight with Ram after waking up feeling more and more awkward. 
 
Subaru had spent the past year alongside Ram, after having the memories of her sister completely erased. Any connection those two previously had must have left behind some remains after being erased. If no one else, Subaru at least had to believe so.
 
Anastasia: "Well, ain't fun seeing you huddled up all gloomy and miserable like that, so why not look ahead if you’re so down about it? If you don't, you might miss something important."
 
Subaru: "...... Don't throw me off like that. You, stop giving me those nice words. I'm stuck in the exact same situation as the one you came from."
 
Anastasia: "Sooner or later, I wish you would start thinking of me separately from my originator. Your distaste for that girl is excessively obstinate. This is something I’ve picked up with time."
 
Subaru: "I don't know any other approach. I'll keep it in a corner of my mind."
 
The tongue-in-cheek talkative exchange seemed to distract from the impatience and anxiety of not making any progress. 
 
In the midst of that conversation, the party advances through the Great Cave. Nothing really changes, the sand path and the sand walls --- walking along that path there were few things to think about. That was,
 
Subaru: "Might be a mabeast nest, we have to be quite careful..... There’s a chance we’ll run into one."
 
Ram: "That's what Ram is concerned about."
 
Kicking the sand under his feet, Subaru grumbles at Ram as she expresses a similar opinion. 
 
They continued into the Great Cave, and soon an hour had already passed. With no one and nothing around, their anxiety, impatience and bad premonitions continue to grow. 
 
Of course, not having enemies show up is a welcome situation, but the extensive silence couldn’t be any help to wipe out the bad feelings regarding this place. ―As if, it was detached from the whole world―
 
Subaru: "No way, we couldn’t have been swallowed by a hyperspace that does not connect to anywhere, right?"
 
Anastasia: "Well then, would you tell me where the wind we're relying on is coming from? Do you think it’s the heavy breathing of an unusually big and ferocious beast who owns this cave?"
 
Subaru: “That’s not even funny, it’s rather scary."
 
In fact, it would be no wonder even if that happened. They had already seen it with their own eyes that even the world could be broken apart. Whatever this rift is connected to, it would not be worth a surprise.
 
Ram: "Regardless of the maliciousness of this selection, it is hard to believe that whoever set it up had considered it could be broken. We weren’t aiming for it with the negation spell, it was just a coincidence."
 
Subaru: “What do you mean, precisely?”
 
Ram: "It is useless to imagine the worst scenario that this road, as it is, is connected to the monster's stomach. - Look, see."
 
The lack of progress was leading to pessimistic theories, which Ram rationally denies. Then, at the end of the explanation, she urged Subaru as he stopped to look ahead.
 
Following her indication, Subaru holds out the lantern to look forward. Then, the illuminated passage of the cavity gets narrow, in front of their eyes―
 
Subaru: "It's a crossroad."
 
Anastasia: "Right or left, we have to make a choice. What do we do?"
 
Subaru: "According to my knowledge, Kurapika* said to choose right when the time called for it." [TN: Hunter x Hunter reference.]
 
Anastasia: “Who’s that?"
 
Looking at it practically, he remembered hearing that people tend to unconsciously choose to proceed left when they get lost. Perhaps it had to do with dominance, as for the dominant hand, dominant leg, and other complicated factors like those, or that’s what was said and thought of it at the time.
 
For that reason, Subaru wanted to follow the theory of a skillful character he once knew and chose the right path which he thought was correct, but -
 
Ram: "So, Barusu, which way do you want to go?"
 
Subaru: "...... Honestly speaking, left."
 
Ram: "What happened to Kurapika?"
 
Anastasia: “Who’s that?"
 
Subaru replies, Ram asks question after question, and just Anastasia just pokes fun. 
 
If you look only at those words as written, the exchange may appear to be as such
 
― But in reality, the three people who exchanged words had a stiff expression and worrisome looks on their faces. On top of that, even Patrasche who can’t speak, was staring at the right path with stern eyes. 
 
The cause was the overwhelming negativity they were feeling from the right path. 
 
Abstractly speaking, a detestable premonition. If you choose more words, it was almost a dread.
 
“It’s deadly to select the right path”,  their instincts were ringing the alarm bell. 
 
Subaru: “The right...... I think it’s dangerous. I have a feeling it's not going to be pleasant."
 
Ram: "Surprisingly, I agree with Barusu. What you think Anastasia-sama?"
 
Anastasia: "According to the Kararagi rule it goes to the majority, by the support of two votes...... Besides, I am honestly lacking the courage to choose the right side."
 
As no sleeves would swing, Anastasia made the gesture of swinging both hands as the answer for all.

Subaru is not the only one. Both Ram and Anastasia were having a strange sensation from the path at the right, as well as Patrasche. Therefore, the right road couldn’t be chosen.
 
Subaru: "Then, left? ......that also feels like choosing a terrible option though."
 
Ram: "So, turning back? There's nothing we can get that way."
 
Subaru: "There’s nothing to lose is what you’re saying, I might just be overly negative."
 
As Subaru failed to make a decision, Ram and Anastasia seemed ready to jump in.
 
As he can not help but shrug his shoulders, Subaru steps forward to walk in front of Patrasche. Straight towards the road on the left.
 
Embracing their hesitation as they advanced, it seems they grew their distance from the right path in this great cave. He found that the pressure that he felt through the walls of sand kept getting farther away, and the stiffness in his shoulders was naturally released
 
Ram: “―What an unpleasant place."
 
She felt the same thing, and as he heard Ram murmuring, Subaru agrees in silence. 
 
At this crossroads, the right path caused overwhelming negative thoughts. They chose the left road out of something like instinct to avoid the other, but there was one more reason. 
 
― Inside the Subaru's chest, he felt the presence of something shouting in joy towards the right path. 
 
It would be horrible to obey what it said. 
 
It was also undeniably a major factor on why Subaru didn’t chose that road. 
 
※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※
 
The team of "non-combatants" went through the cavity, and a few more hours passed by in the way. 
 
Subaru: "――――"
 
Anastasia: "――――"
 
Ram: "――――"
 
As they slowly advanced their search on the great cave, the number of words spoken between them dropped drastically . 
 
With their fatigue, and not to mention the darkness, any sense of time was fuzzy, but what was wearing down their spirit along the walk was silence. 
 
In fact, Subaru felt like that several hours had passed, he didn’t know if it was true.
 
There is a possibility that they had utilized the time better than they thought, or even that they had completely wasted it.  
 
What they knew for sure was that there was no progress, no more than that. 
 
Subaru: "...... At that split, I wonder if we should have gone right."
 
Ram: "After that much silence, you can only think to complain? Stop it. Shameful."
 
Murmuring, he moved his dry lips to complain, and Ram bitterly pierces back.
 
However, her poison also lacked ambition. Not being able to find anything like this, it caused her to also be slightly dominated by anxiety.

Although the foothold in the sand path was bad, there was some confidence after already walking a few kilometers on it.
 
So if you couldn't see any end to the cave, you couldn't help but be swept over by a bad feeling. It is natural that you would doubt that you made the wrong choice. 
 
Even more, if you reach a dead end, you'd have to give up. 
 
Subaru: "The rapid fire of those lights above ground..... What do you think it was?"
 
Subaru changed the direction of the topic, for fear that the negative conversation would continue as it was. 
 
The topic that turned up was the light of the Watchtower ― the defense mechanism of the dunes, which seemed to have been prepared by the sage. 
 
Ram: “It was a needle."
 
Subaru: "Needle?"
 
To that question, Ram responded with a few words. She spilled a sigh at Subaru’s following question and gently stroked her pink hair,
 
Ram: “I don't know the small details, but it was firing long and narrow needles enchanted with magical powers. The needles carried high heat, probably the effect of firing magic. But the needle itself seemed to be specially made. As it was repelled and fell on the sand, it disintegrated and disappeared.”
 
Subaru: "......In that uproar, to see so properly."
 
Ram: "If you just looked at it, you would know about that much."
 
Without a doubt, it seemed Ram's observation power was not as ordinary as she said so. 


When Subaru just kept staring, Anastasia shook her head in amazement.
 
In Ram’s case, she was aware of her own talents, but was still speaking sarcastically.
 
Subaru: "What do you think was the purpose?"
 
Ram: "Kill those approaching the Watchtower... It's a mystery why it relentlessly aimed at Barusu. It’s standard practice to take down the weaker enemies first, so that might be it."
 
Subaru: "Shit, I can't deny it!"
 
If you look at it from afar, you couldn’t help but arrive at the same conclusion. Nonetheless, because of that they had no casualties. 
 
The conclusion you reach is, it's good to have a weak, invincible, magical Subaru.
 
But in that case――
 
Subaru: "It means, a friendly encounter with “The Sage” would be difficult"
 
Anastasia: "I think it's premature to say so. If I’m not mistaken, did we not set out with the intention of challenging these setbacks knowingly? There is a chance for a discussion to occur, it’s what I think."
 
Ram: "At worst, our business is with the Sage’s knowledge, and not their personality. If they don’t talk, you can just tie them up and give ‘em a good shaking until they do."
 
Subaru: "Nee-sama, was that your villainous side talking!?"
 
Ram: "If there is something you want, take measures. It's not a child's play."
 
As Subaru becomes dumbfounded, Ram remains strangely calm. Just hearing those statements, he felt he was being reminded of how sweet and shallow his own resolutions were. 
 
Regardless of whether it’s actually done, there is no doubt that Ram is prepared for it. That only is a proof that she is serious about Rem.


Subaru: "――――"
 
To touch Ram's resolve, Subaru might have to make some decisions regarding his own resolutions. 
 
He haven’t thought of getting his hands dirty for Rem. Rem is not to be blamed for that either. 
 
What he has to do is to be prepared to rip off the results. 
 
When confronted with the existence of the Sage, no matter what kind of opponent that is, he has  to be absolutely determined, such resolution... 
 
Patrasche: "----tsu"
 
Subaru: "Patrasche?"
 
At the same time, Patrasche holds her breath and Subaru bits his lips. 
 
The dragon glares at the path with stern eyes and groans a little. Subaru, who noticed that stare, also stopped his feet and returned to calm the earth dragon. He stroked her neck and called out, "What’s wrong?"
 
Subaru: "Did you saw something? What……?"
 
Ram: "- Cause, that is..."
 
Ram said on behalf, interrupting Subaru. Anastasia frowns and looks at the passage like Patrasche.
 
Of course, nothing could be seen anything in the extended darkness, but a different feeling that appealed rather than seeing. ― Seeping inside the nose was a smell of something burning. 
 
Anastasia: "......Do you think it’s a smell of fire?"
 
Ram: "I can't think of anything else. But I don’t think something like a kitchen could possibly be here."
 
Subaru: “If this is a fire... The cause behind this smell is civilized people, right ?"
 
Ram  & Anastasia: "――――"
 
At Subaru’s clinging question, neither Ram nor Anastasia could just easily nod. 
 
He could also understand the girls judgment. But the smell that was drifting was clearly a scent of something supposedly burning. Ram said like cooking something, but also the aroma was close to it. 
 
It's a bonfire, or a stew for a meal. If that's the case,
 
Subaru: "Do you think there’s a possibility of that being Emilias?"
 
Anastasia: "If the premise was skipped to the same place, there is enough possibility. Nevertheless, whether it’s rational or irrational to use fire in such situation, I would leave that judgement to the rest"
 
Subaru: "――――"
 
Even if it’s discussed here, the answer won’t come as for who lays ahead of the road. 
 
If so, you should call out and check what your partner's intention is,
 
Anastasia: "Even people who are ahead of the road are not always friendly"
 
If not Emilias, could it be it’s the "Sage"? It’s hard to believe that the sages who should be in the Watchtower would come down, or not. 
 
In that case, if the sage continues to be hostile, a corresponding attack is also to be expected. 
 
Subaru: "......Hide the light and move forward? What I mean is, if they are using fire then there is light on their side. We, at least, should hide."
 
Anastasia: "It's funny to keep speculating about it, we also have to check what’s the cause is, so I think it's a reasonable idea."
 
Anastasia nods to Subaru's proposal, and after that Ram also quietly agrees with it.
 
When the lights of the two lanterns were turned off, the party went back to the path where the smell of fire was drifting from, relying only on the Subaru’s light. 
 
Ram: "Barusu"
 
Subaru: "What?"
 
Ram: "If anything happens, just leave it and run straight away. Don't hold a grudge."
 
Subaru: “Curse me if I do that."
 
In the light held by Subaru, Ram slightly loosened her lips, and Subaru led straight through the passage. When the scent of the fire gradually increased, he felt Patrasche’s breath on his back,
 
Subaru: "...! It's the light."
 
Beyond the passage, he found a slightly shimmering red light.
 
Subaru immediately dropped his own light and instructed the three behind him to be silent. Then he squatted down and stepped on the sand stealthily to confirm the state of the light. 
 
One step, two steps--as they moved forward, they could see that the light was somewhat coming across the corner. The passage was slightly bent to the left, and the fire was from there. 
 
"――――"
 
Quietly reaching the turning point, and slightly peeking on the other side while leaning against the wall. At that moment, the wind carrying a slight heat tickled Subaru's forehead and unintentionally closed his eyes.
 
― Immediately after, Subaru's foot gouged down unexpectedly, the sand slided and it rolled his body diagonally. 
 
Subaru: "What the...?!?"
 
He couldn’t bear the surprise attack, and Subaru forgot to step and he rolled down the slope. The fine particles of sand couldn’t and he slided long down all the way to the bottom. 
 
Thrusting down from the top of the sand hill, Subaru rolled down from a steep slope of sand about ten meters high, again spat out sand and raised his body. 
 
Subaru: "Ugh! thu! Again sand...... No, that then. ……"
 
Subaru shakes his head and looks around. In this sudden surprise he dropped his lantern. If it was somewhere nearby, he started searching for it stretching his hand, and he touched something hard.
 
For an instant, he thought he had found the lantern, but it felt different compared to the hardness of that he was holding. The surface was crisp and pleasant to touch, like a wooden stick. When he lifted it up it was lighter compared to its thickness and length. 
 
Subaru: “What is it... ?"
 
Even if you looked closely, you wouldn’t know what it was in that pitch black darkness. 
 
When he timidly smelled it, it felt like the smell of charcoal――
 
Subaru: "――――"
 
The next moment when he was thinking that, a light came right behind him suddenly. 
 
The wisps that appeared in the back were red, shimmering and primitive, and they were called flames. Then, as the flames began to light up the world, Subaru saw the identity of the thing he grabbed. 
 
- That's probably a creature's foot.
 
Things that were animals, burned down until it turned into charred remains, as a result.
 
Around the place where Subaru was sitting, the remnants of former creatures that became these charred remains  were scattered, and Subaru had slipped right into the middle of countless burned dead bodies. 
 
Subaru: "Oh! Oh! Wow!?"
 
Throwing away the charred waste in his hand, Subaru aimed to retreat. However, there was a terrible flame that existed behind while he tried to retreat back, and his neck was burned by the heat wave, and this time he fell down just on his face. And finally, he turned back and looked at it face to face. 
 
Monster: "----_____!"
 
Subaru was thrown out of reality facing a tremendous roar from his front.
 
Why all the demon beasts roars are so disgusting that they irritate human beings to the limit of their disgust.
 
With such a high-pitched roar, it was like countless babies were crying all at once. 
 
It is a blasphemous creature that Subaru had never seen, it burns red in a place full of burned bodies - it is truly a devil beast, but the fur color is different from what he has seen in the past. 
 
As far as Subaru knew, all of the demon beasts were distorted and ugly, but they were often in such a form that they resembled an existing creature one way or another. 
 
Same for the White Whale or the Great Rabbit. In any case, there was a basic foundation of an animal.
 
However, this time, the monster that exists in front of him, he doesn’t want to apply the same concept. 
 
Monster: "----_______!"

The monster cries again. At first glance, some similarities could be found with a horse. 

Thin, but strong four-legs that exist to charge over the earth. It is the same as a horse that has a trunk supported by its four legs and a long tail swaying from behind. 

However, there was a human torso in the part where the horse's neck should normally be, leading to the head. The human torso has two more arms, in addition to the four legs. And there was no head above the neck of the human torso. As from the neck to the top, the "horns" were growing. 

The proof of the devil makes it easy to understand that it's different from other animals.

The horns were growing in place of the head. It doesn't have a head. Speaking of where the mouth raised the cry, from the chest till the belly of the human torso was torn vertically, and in the oral cavity, the fully grown horizontally aligned fangs were insuring their existence. 

Subaru: "......It's a monster."

Even calling it a “Magical beast” was sort of absurd, rather it was a profany of life.

To Subaru’s knowledge, it was close to a fantasy creature called Centaur, a half-man and half-horse, but that was a distorted figure as if it had been thrown out of production half way. 

And the centaur, the mane of the flame was forming from the back human torso part, burning the sand cavity with incredible power, surging up the red light. 

If you look at the fires' strength, it’s obvious that who created all the burned dead bodies lay around there. Using fire meant civilized people or whatever, was a mistake to embrace such expectations.

"――――"

The arms of the centaur was the human arm itself with five fingers. 

The foot of the horse part of the centaur was the legs of horse itself which formed hoofs too. 

The figure was about six or seven meters long, and it could be said that it was just the right size to walk in this hollow. ― That’s, the Lord of this cavity is in front of you ―

Subaru: "...... It was a trap."

Holding his breath, Subaru despairs. 

There was nothing he could do. He quickly turned his hand to the back of his waist and grabbed the handle of the whip, but he didn't think he could do anything with it. 

And to the breathless Subaru, the Centaur tilts his eyeless head. Hearing it from its mouth, bathing in its roar, fueling his fears.

"......"

For the moment, Subaru moved to create a gap. 

He turns around on the sand, roughly kicks one of the charcoaled debris that hits the centaurs. The corpses that went through the fire were well burned and too light, and that there was no strength even if it hit. But still, it's good to be in control. Clinging to the steep slope, trying to return to the upper aisle. He would go back the road he came, but that didn’t mind it. The problem was he didn't know how far this Centaur was going to go. It's dubious how much appetite that thing had, as it burns its prey this way. Of course, as far as he heard that the demon beast had the nature to kill humans instinctively, though it does not always work according to that. Still, if it was possible to turn the situation a little.... 

Subaru: "Ka fu――"

When he was thinking about it, Subaru noticed that his body was not trembling. 

Trying and create a diversion by kicking a charred debris, or climb the steep sand slope and turn back or could reach out to the whip, Subaru could do none of this. 

― Because before he could get to it, the breath of the monster burned Subaru. 

Subaru: "Ahh."

As soon as the conception reached that his whole body was being burned, Subaru screamed in pain and suffering. Perhaps because his throat was burned, his lungs were burned, as he could not raise a bit of his voice. 

When the burned skin formed bubbles, they swelled and burst instantly. The fluids that had flown inside the body, which had never been seen before, instantly evaporated, and the blood boils for real. 

Subaru: "――――"

Never mind, rolling over on the ground in this suffering.
 
The muscles and fat were burned to the ground, melted and lumbered. The pain faded far away, and Subaru experienced an illusion being drowned in flames. 

Burned and burned. He've read somewhere about the depth of the burn. 

He heard that there were stages of the burn, and when it went to the third stage, the scars would remain, and the skin would have to be transplanted. He also heard that when a person burns 30% of the body's skin, that alone makes breathing difficult and leads to death. 

Subaru: "――――"

Short hair burns till the roots, and the eardrum and brain matter melted and flowed out from the earlobe. The lips and gums evaporated and the teeth were peeled off, and the tongue was gulped by the suffering of the heat wave. It doesn't matter. He had already drowned. If it was burned, could it be healed? Even though he was not confident with his face, if it gets burned will it give him some kind of fancy appearance? To Emilia, to Beatrice, to Rem. 

Subaru: "--Ruh!"

Burning, the field of vision was burning. Everything is burning, turning red, and going white. 
 
Blood was eradicated by the tremendous heat, the eyelids melted away, the fluids of the eyeball evaporated, it turned white and cloudy, and nothing could be seen.

He just heard something. He heard someone calling. He heard the baby crying. Someone came down beside him. Idiot. Why? I told you to run away. Why did you come down here? But he didn't know what it meant to go down. Moreover, what’s left or right? 

A horse, a person. It melts and burns and sleepy.

Melts and disappears. 

※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※


Ram: "How long are you going to sleep? Get up, lazy Barusu."

Subaru: "guah uh!?"

Subaru was pulled back to reality with a sharp poke, as his hands and feet were unable to move, and his scorched thoughts collapsed. 

Suddenly rising up his body, Subaru wipes cold sweat from his sand-laden forehead. 

Subaru: "Oh, oh ... what?"

Looking around. 

Dark, He couldn't see anything. There was something that evoked fear just a few seconds ago. 

Subaru: “huh?"

Ram: " ... I am stunned. How frightened are you in the darkness? You are not a child!"

Subaru: "....."

Unwillingly shivering his body, Subaru had his eyes open wide to her voice.

In the light of the lantern, Ram spills a small sigh. Then, when she quietly kneeled down on the spot and stroked Subaru's cheeks with her hand. 

Ram: "What a pitiful face"

Subaru: "......has my face melted?"

Ram: "- Except in front of Emilia-sama, I have never seen such a pitiful sight."

The heat of the palm touching the cheek was so warm but it does not get even close compared to what Subaru has just experienced. 

Thanks to that feeling, the flames and the other warmth, Subaru finally understood the situation. 

Again, he have "Returned by death" and came back. 

And here is the another save point other than the two "deaths" that he met in the sand dunes.

So it’s said, you can't challenge the labyrinth of the sand without risking your own life.

― he felt like the cold sand flowing on the sand sea silently mocking the scorched Subaru.



Chapter 14
The warmth coming off from Ram’s palm contrasted with the scorn of the cold sand. Both of those were the realities which Natsuki Subaru was faced with now; that was the『present』that he should accept.    
Subaru「……Ram.」
Ram:「What?」
Subaru:「Your fingers sure do feel nice and smooth…..It’s as―― bbubeeeeh!」
Ram:「This Barusu sure pushes his luck, doesn’t he?」
Subaru:「Will you ever stop using people’s nicknames as curses!?」
Subaru voiced out his complaints with tears in his eyes after having had his cheeks slapped in recompense for his careless remark. However, Ram, who held a lantern in her hand, did not reply to him. Instead, she hurriedly moved off, keeping her distance away from him.
It was something cold from her, even though up until now, she had shown him a kindness which was seldom seen. ――Though, if things stayed like this, since Subaru would be unable to even have an awkward conversation about it. Part of his true intention had been to go back to how they usually interacted.
Subaru:「Right here, we’re……」
Ram:「It’s pitch black absolutely everywhere. You remember the crevices opening up in the sand sea, and our dragon carriages being swallowed up by them, I presume? I don’t want to have to explain more than that.」
Subaru:「Nono, I’m fine with hearing just that. I get it.」
Ram:「……Okay」
Subaru received an outline of the current situation from Ram as he took a deep breath. He understood that he had『Returned by Death』and that his『Returned by Death』point had been changed already.  
――Subaru had met『death』three times in these sand dunes with this.
Twice he had been killed above-ground by the flashes of light, which had likely been fired from the Watchtower. However, this time, this third time was far different to the other two. He had died from being attacked by a monster at the underground.  
He could barely keep his body from shaking as he recalled the manner of his death that he’d experienced just a minute ago.
Subaru:「I never thought I’d die like that……」
The manner in which Subaru had died now was what you would call a fiery death. His whole body had been scorched by crimson flames, and he had been burnt to death still without understanding everything that was going on. It was hard to forget that his whole body had been licked by red-hot tongues, and that every part of him had melted rather than burnt.
He knew from knowledge that the human body was a lump of fat. However, was it really something that melted away so easily and runnily like that? That his burnt remains were tragic, was something which he would indeed agree with.
Ram:「Barusu, have you calmed down yet? If you’ve settled down, we need to talk.」
Subaru:「Ah, aah. Yeah, I’m okay……Is it just me and you here?」
Ram:「If that was the case, Barusu, I would be ditching you and running away for my own safety. Since I haven’t……well you understand what that means, don’t you?」
Subaru:「Did you just show a Part Two to the kindness you seldom show?」
Ram:「You sure do say a lot of disrespectful things towards the bundle of love and compassion which is me, don’t you? ――She came back whilst you were spouting out nonsense.」
Looking to his left at the lantern―― and then looking at where it was pointing from Ram’s right, he saw the glow of a lamplight approaching from deeper within the cave. The lantern was swaying back and forth at around head-height; and just as he expected, the source of light was held by Anastasia who was riding Patrasche.
Anastasia:「Ram-san, Natsuki-kun, ‘t seems yer conversation’s finished, right?」
Subaru:「……Anastasia, Patrasche, is that you?」
Anastasia, who was riding on Patrasche, spoke out the same greeting as she had before as she flashed him a grim. And, to those words, Ram pinched the hem of her skirt like before and bowed.
Ram:「Thank you for your thoughtfulness, Anastasia-sama. May I ask, what do the surroundings look like?」
Anastasia:「I jus’ went ta look a lil’ further inside, but I couldn’ find any of the other young’ens. It’s jus’ the three of us who were hurled down aroun’ here……  ‘n this young’en lookin’ one.」
Ram:「I see.」
Anastasia:「Ya gotta keep yer chin up, though mayhaps that in itself ain’t gonna be of any use ta us.」
Ram:「Thank you for your concern. Indeed, I understand…. I’ll make sure to do so.」
Anastasia voiced her apprehensions from dragonback. To which, Ram replied in the likeness of how she would usually speak, different to how she spoke to Subaru. Anastasia’s face was clearly visible this time since Ram was the one holding the lantern.
Everything Anastasia had said was exactly the same as last time. The fact that Ram was upset at being separated from Rem was clearly shown from her face in profile, in which the slight exhaustion therein could be seen.
Subaru:「So for now, the only ones that were able to join up is just us four? ….Pretty damn awful that we have no fighting strength.」
Anastasia:「We ain’t as scattered as we thought, eh, Natsuki-kun? What special good luck charm did ya even get Ram-san to cast us?」
Ram:「Unfortunately, nothing would happen even if it has to decide between just me and Barusu. Only Barusu would end up dead when he would be found the next day.」
Subaru:「What do you mean? Do you mean like the werewolf in a game of werewolf? Scary.」
Their comments were not meant as a show of bravado, but rather, Anastasia and Ram exchanged words in such as way as to calm Subaru, who had just woken up. Though his grasp of the situation was quick since it was the second time around, they were still in a place where it paid dividends in getting a move on immediately, even now.  
Subaru:「Ram, just to make sure, you don’t know where Rem is using your synthesia, right?」
Ram:「That’s correct, it’s no use. Since I feel the link, I have no doubt that at least she’s alive….. But, I don’t know any more than that. All we can do is pray that she’s not alone.」
Subaru:「Given that my everyday deeds are tied to fortune and misfortune, Rem’s deeds will just be good ones, make no mistake in that…… I absolutely believe in her safety.」
If this theory was right, it was entirely because of his own deeds that he was going through an absurd amount of suffering and death. He wanted to go and close his eyes to that.   
Subaru「On top of that……」
Subaru absolutely couldn’t let Ram and Anastasia know; that was his greatest anxiety. It seemed like everyone he wanted to save had been scattered away from him thanks to his『Return by Death』point having been updated. It was just like when he couldn’t use his『Return by Death』to get Rem’s name back.
What if tragedy had struck his companions due to his『Return by Death』updating now?
Subaru:「I absolutely won’t allow that…..!」
For those who weren’t here. Emilia, Beatrice, Julius, Meili. And Rem. He prayed that nothing disastrous had happened to them. Natsuki Subaru prayed that they weren’t hurt, even if they weren’t in his reach.
Ram:「Barusu. ――Aren’t you connected with Beatrice-sama?」
Subaru:「I’ve tried, but it’s no good. As long as there’s a path between us, Beako herself should be able to sense me….. But even if I try to call her, the connection is pretty weak.」
Anastasia:「Might be due to the miasma. Even spirits can’t keep their breath held long, even my Echidna’s grumblin’ every so often……It was jus’ Emilia-san who was fine ta it.」
Subaru:「I guess it was the same for you as well, eh, Beako?」
Beatrice, stout-hearted as she was, probably wouldn’t let out any complaints even if she was in a bad state. Were that to happen, Subaru would have absolutely noticed it. Beatrice being in a bad state would influence everyone else’s safety as well. When they safely reunited, he’d have to tell her off.
Subaru:「That’s why, for that too, we need to rejoin with the other guys. ――Let’s go deeper into the cave!」
It was likely that they’d come across the monster which had burned him once again if they went towards its depths.
But, even so, there was no other way but to go forward.
So to reunite with his precious companions as well, there was no other way but to go forward.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
Anastasia:「Yer the only one walkin’ Natsuki-kun, ain’t yer footin’ gettin’ worse?」
Subaru:「I’m fine. Do take care though since Patrasche won’t welcome anyone with open arms except me. Every time, it seems like she’s about to bite off one of Beako’s drill curls.」
Anastasia:「Ahahaha, what a great joke. Patrasche-chan is a good girl, she wouldn’ do that. Ain’t that right?」
Patrasche:「――――」
Patrasche gave a quick grunt at Subaru, who was leading them with his lantern whilst they made their way deeper into the cave. Her grunt was the sort she made when she had no complaints.
Patrasche was still a hard-worker, even in spite of her carrying other people who weren’t Subaru, since she knew it was an emergency. As expected, she was a woman worthy of being part of the Emilia Camp.
Having placed Ram and Anastasia on Patrasche, Subaru was the only who traversed the maze of sand on foot. They followed the same way as last time, with the four of them moving forward towards the depths of the cave. They may have left dozens of minutes earlier than last time, but since he didn’t know when that monster would appear down here, it’d all be down to nothing more than a margin of error.   
Subaru:「Its lair is way over there…..Maybe it’s its feeding ground, or its playground…..」
What couldn’t be called “Feed” was the sheer amount of burnt corpses which had littered that area. The charred corpse which Subaru had accidentally grabbed had probably been an animal’s―― From its shape it seemed like he’d grabbed the hind-leg of a four-legged creature, but there weren’t any indications that it had been eaten. The amount of charred corpses over there had been countless.
He could even have appreciated its cuisine as being Simply Gourmet Witchbeast if it was using fire to just prepare its meal. However, it merely burnt its prey and left their corpses behind untouched. That monster possessed a cruel nature that delighted itself in burning its prey to death; it made sense that it had a way to capture it and a place to burn it.

It was a grotesque figure, munitioned with abnormal amounts of heat. Subaru also feared the Witchbeast itself which existed with a wrong form as a living creature, at the same time as he recalled the moment he had burned to death.
Anastasia:「……From what I can see, we should still be in the san’ dunes aroun’ here, but maybe underneath it. What’dya think, Natsuki-kun?」
Subaru:「――――」
Anastasia:「Natsuki-kun?」
Subaru:「Eh? Ah? Aah, that’s right. I think so too.」
Ram:「Did you actually hear what she said? You’re being rude if you think that response adequate.」
Ram swiftly exposed Subaru’s mindless agreement. However, Subaru hastily shook his hands and head in denial.
Subaru:「No way, I heard everything properly. And what’s more is that I’m sticking with my stance of absolute agreement.」
Ram:「Really, when you take off your bra when you go to bed, your breasts don’t sag an inch, is that what you’re saying? You’re affirming it? Disgusting.」
Subaru:「Isn’t the way you’re bringing that up to me disgusting!? Or rather, it’s not like what she’s saying, don’t you agree with me!?」
Subaru, in a state of disbelief, turned towards Anastasia for help. She gave him a wry smile, and then spoke out saying,「You shouldn’ worry」
Anastasia:「Ram-san was messin’ about jus’ now. I don’ think it’s proper to speak like this in this terrible situation.」
Subaru:「Y-yeah? Yeah, that’s right. I was in a hurry. And in the first place, neither Ram or Anastasia’s breasts would sag, nor do they have enough to even notice…..」
Anastasia:「Whoopsy, sorry Natsuki-kun. My hand slipped.」
Subaru:「Why the past tense, and why so hot!?」
Her lantern was pressed to the nape of his neck, and the heat coming off from its Magical Ore burnt his neck. With the sensation of his fiery death resuscitated within him, he shuddered and rolled down onto the cold sand, shouting and screaming as he relieved himself from the pain. And as he did so, still collapsed with the back of his body lying on top of the sand, he glared at the two of them on dragon-back.
Subaru:「I-isn’t that cruel doing that all of a sudden? I would have liked at least a chance to explain.」
Anastasia:「You can’t go criticisin’ people’s physical characteristics ‘n then showing contempt for ‘em. You absolutely can’t do that unless yer masochistic. If this was Kararagi, yer’d lose all yer reputation ‘n become broke. Don’t ya agree, Ram-san?」
Ram:「I don’t mind. Besides, Rem’s are bigger, so we keep the balance between us. It’s no issue for me.」
If he went and spoke out on their beautiful sisterly love which complemented each other, he’d once again provoke their ire. Thus, he kept quiet. Subaru grimaced, his nape tingled in slight pain. He stood up and coughed, brushing away sand.
Subaru:「Anyways, let’s get down to business. We’re underground here, that’s what you said right?」
Anastasia:「What, y’actually heard me? That’s right, I think so. The reason why is ‘cause the air is heavier than above ground, ‘n the temperature is lower. Don’t ya agree?」
Ram:「Underneath the sand dunes…. We’ll have to pray that this isn’t a Sandworms’ burrow.」
Subaru:「……It could also be worse than that.」
Anastasia pulled her robe in tighter, appealing to the chill, a gesture which Ram followed suit in. Subaru subtly weaved in the reality of the situation, while he agreed with their opinions.
Of course, even if there were Sandworms here, it would be a herculean task to beat them back with the meagre fighting strength they had available amongst them. Even so, Sandworms were still better as they somewhat had a strategy to deal with them.
That Witchbeast―― which for now he’d call a Centaur for convenience, was something which Subaru had no idea of how to deal with in battle. He had come across it and been immediately burnt on the spot.
He was sure he’d meet the same manner of death, if he bumped into it like last time.
Subaru:「Practically, it’s likely we’ll come across Witchbeasts other than the Sandworms. Even though they’re Witchbeasts which roam these sand dunes, I think it’s a good idea if we came up with a plan for them for later.」
Ram:「Yes…… Nonetheless, I can only say that I just know what I heard Meili speaking about on the way here. And other than that, perhaps how a typical Witchbeast lives.」
Anastasia:「The Witchbeasts of the Augria Sand Dunes are far more aggressive due ta the effects of the miasma, and there are also Witchbeasts that shouldn’ be livin’ here in the first place. Even so, knowin’ is better than not knowin’.」
When Subaru put out his suggestion, Ram and Anastasia both nodded in agreement. As a result, they talked about the Witchbeasts whilst they continued their search forward into the depths of the cave.
Ram:「Sandworms stand out due to their stench and ugliness, but in contrast to their aggressive nature, their bodies aren’t that strong. Even if their bodies are large, my magic can kill them easily…If anything, your whip may actually be useful, Barusu.」
Subaru:「Seriously? My whip would damage them?」
Anastasia:「It’s said they tend ta be cowardly and if they feel pain it’d seem like they’d back away. It’d depen’ on the type of pain they’d feel, but at least the chance ain’t zero, wouldn’t ya think?」
Ram:「I don’t want to come across a Banassi, if possible.」
Subaru:「Is that a vicious Witchbeast despite it having the name of a rodent?」
Anastasia:「Nah, it ain’t got any fighting strength. Buut, it fights dirty. It puffs itself up until its body goes Kapow, blowin’ up anyone near it. An’ with that, its blood ‘n guts will shower its enemy. 」
Subaru:「……Then, is its blood poisonous or something?」
Ram:「It’s not like that. It’s just pestering…..But, once one of them does that and their stench pours out, other Banassi flock over and do the same thing. You end up becoming smeared in blood.」
Subaru:「Scary!」
As expected, there were a lot of Witchbeasts which were unfamiliar to him, and there were many things which made him want to frown when listening to their composition. After they finished their discussion on those Witchbeasts, Subaru felt like the time had come, and chose the topic.
Subaru:「So, the next one is about a Witchbeast I saw in the distance back at the sand dunes…. Do you know about a Witchbeast which has a human body attached to the body of a horse that spouts flames from its back?」
Ram & Anastasia「――――」
Subaru told them about the Centaur, keeping in tune with the discussion which they’d had so far regarding the mode of life of Witchbeasts. It was a distinct Witchbeast. Even if this Witchbeast was one of the more aggressive varieties which were native to these sand dunes, if there was an origin to it, he should be able to make a breakthrough on it. It’d be ideal if there were weak points to it which were easy to understand, such as being weak to water due to its fire――.
Anastasia:「……Sorry, but I ain’t got a clue. What about ya, Ram-san?」
Ram:「I’m sorry as well, but this Witchbeast invites only revulsion even in just listening to this. 」
Subaru:「You both don’t know, huh…..」
However, he only got those answers from both of them. It seemed that neither of them had any knowledge of the Centaur or a different kind of them with those abnormal characteristics.
But, that was the Witchbeast they’d likely first come across. He didn’t want to give up on finding a breakthrough with only the answers he’d received now.
Subaru:「You really don’t know? Like, part of Patrasche’s head becoming a human body, and two arms sticking out from there. And a mouth stretching vertically across part of its body.  And finally, a horn growing from its neck of its human body instead of a head…..」
Anastasia:「Eeeh…. What the hell. That’s soo gross….」
Ram:「Honestly, that’s so off-putting.」
The more details he put into his explanation, the more he put off the women. Seeing even Patrasche’s face looking disgusted after she received Subaru’s semblance of an explanation, Subaru dropped his shoulders in defeat. It genuinely seemed like they all had no clue about it.
Ram:「If you happened to catch a glimpse of a Witchbeast like that in the first place, you needed to report it back then. Why did you let such a seemingly dangerous Witchbeast go by?」
Subaru:「No, that’s not…. It’s because it was nighttime. Maybe it was because Meili’s Divine Protection was active, so I just saw it in the distance not approaching us from all the way over there. It was like, when you were being treated by Emilia-tan inside of the dragon carriage.」
Ram:「Disgusting.」
Subaru:「So that’s all you’re gonna be saying?」
Subaru was discouraged by the lack of a response as he fumbled around for a suitable excuse. With it ending up like this, they had no means capable of striking first against the Centaur. All he could do was search for a plan to avoid meeting the real thing whilst he spelled out its danger in anticipation.
Subaru:「For now I’ll call it a Centaur, but…. I reckon it’s a really dangerous thing. A mane grew from the back of its human body, and it was burning like fire. It had quite a tenacious look to it…. I don’t know how since it didn’t have a face, but that’s the feeling it gave off, so it’s likely that if we don’t take care, it’ll come and chase us.」
Ram:「Then why did you ignore it? Do you have a death wish?」
Subaru:「I think there were misleading words in the explanation right now as well.」
He couldn’t deny that his explanation had become fairly absurd in wanting to let them know of the danger. However, by telling them this as a precaution, the girls would likely be able to keep themselves on guard for danger in regards to an encounter with an actual Centaur.
That’s all he had managed. He hadn’t managed to tell them about when he had really met the Centaur, and they had no counter-measures against it. Subaru thought about a more fundamental approach as well. That was――
Anastasia:「Natsuki-kun, Ram-san. ――Can ya stop the chatter for just a mo’?」
Anastasia said that, and motioned for Patrasche to stop. The clever Earth Dragon had stopped before she had been told to, but she drooped her head as if she understood what Anastasia meant. And then, Anastasia held out her lantern in front of her and said,
Anastasia:「There’s a fork ‘n the road」
――Before his eyes was the first part of his plan to avoid meeting the Centaur.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
As before, a dread hung in the air at the fork, enough to make one grimace. And, that dread came clearly flowing in from the right path.   
Anastasia:「Left or right, which way do ya want ta go?」
Subaru:「If we follow Kurapika’s theory, going to the right is the correct option.」
Anastasia:「Who’s that?」
As before, Subaru’s knowledge was nothing but foreign in this other world. Subaru had already experienced it with his body, so his words weren’t unsubstantiated.
Subaru:「In times like these, people tend to unconsciously want to pick the left side. Though various factors are at play like one’s dominant hand or eye, ethology has shown actual evidence of that, especially when there are no additional conditions attached.」
Ram:「Ethology… What a smart word came out of your mouth….. However, are you ignoring this horrible presentiment which you can feel coming from the right path? Isn’t this a condition?」
Whether it would be correct or not to take the right path―― this time, they had to take it. Having deemed so, Subaru would have to try and persuade the others with logic, however he felt a strong feeling of aversion to the horrible sensation that was drifting in from the right path.
If they could, both Ram and Anastasia, didn’t want to take the right path; he could see that from the look in their eyes. Persuading them and making them take the right path was what Subaru had to do. He wouldn’t let them go towards their『death』so easily after getting the chance from『Returning by Death.』
Subaru:「It’s true that a blatantly horrible atmosphere is coming from the right. But, I think it’s just a little too blatant. It’s as if it’s saying, don’t come here, right?」
Ram:「――――」
Subaru:「It’s exactly like the mechanism which breaks through that『Sand Time』and the flower garden of Witchbeasts before the Watchtower. They’re far too intricate to be something that cropped up naturally. Didn’t you think so?」
Anastasia:「’n other words, Natsuki-kun, ya want to say that the San’ Time, the Flower Garden and this cave as well are things of artifice?」
In contrast to Ram who had sunk into silence, Anastasia followed what Subaru had been trying to say. Subaru cracked his fingers at hearing her response and voiced his agreement with a「That’s right.」
Subaru:「They’ve set a bunch of traps since they want to keep us away. Why haven’t we come across a single Witchbeast here in nearly an hour if this wasn’t something artificial? We all seem to agree that this is part of the Augria Sand Dunes. And though Meili’s not here, we haven’t encountered any Witchbeast lairs. That’s unnatural.」
Ram:「So, here we’re in a place where someone’s hand…. No, where the Sage’s hand came into play.」
Subaru:「With that, we know that the Sage’s personality isn’t very pleasant.」
Ram:「――――」
Although it was an opinion which was half coated in truth, Subaru admired that even if he spoke himself, it didn’t mean that he hadn’t been able to sound persuasive. In fact, when he looked back on the journey through the Augria Sand Dunes up until now, there had been many things set which could certainly be called traps that were there to impede their journey towards the Watchtower―― It could even be called a『Trial.』And, it was a fact as well that they hadn’t come across any Witchbeasts yet in this cave.
Of course, Subaru’s thoughts were incorrect in the end as he knew that they would come across the Centaur at the end, however――No, perhaps that Centaur was the last guard. There was a chance that its presence was a mechanism that denoted a last show of strength to those who came to enter the Watchtower.
In that case, he just had no way to express the malice in their choice of guardian; however.  
Ram:「……There’s certainly logic even in Barusu’s point.」
Subaru:「――! Seriously?」
Anastasia:「Why are ya actin’ so surprised? ‘s it strange?」
Subaru instinctively reacted with surprise at Ram’s words, who had sunk into pensive silence. And after that, Anastasia, who had seen that response, gave a wry smile and lifted up the pom-poms on her hat with both of her hands.   
Anastasia:「To tell ya the truth, I really don’t want ta go to the right. But, now that ya said that our opinions have been induced ta form up ‘n pick the left…… I don’t want ta go with it anymore.」
Subaru:「That’s an opinion that doesn’t seem like you, who lived by your do-or-die intuition. You sure have been swept away.」
Anastasia:「Are ya jus’ sayin’ even I’ll do it if yer opinion becomes approved?」
The wry smile on her face grew deeper, which as a matter of fact, probably indicated that Eridna was unable to imitate the vital point that had been Anastasia’s『Do-or-die Intuition.』This was a last resort for her too. She should have had a difficult time deciding whether or not to get on board with Subaru’s point.
Subaru:「So, what about you Ram?」
Ram:「It’s as I said. I can understand Barusu’s point too, considering how things went in the Sand Dunes up until here. We can just agree that apart from the Sage’s wicked disposition, there’s also the harsh environments that those who can’t reach the Watchtower are subject to one after the other……. That’s why it’s obvious that someone has meddled.」
Subaru:「Mhm, I sure don’t agree with calling them natural things…」
Ram:「So, although I don’t fully agree with your point, Barusu, it doesn’t mean that I don’t agree with some parts of it. With that said, there’s no hesitation in checking the right path.」
Subaru:「……What do you mean?」
Anastasia:「It’s annoyin’ for her ta do what Natsuki-kun says, but she’s goin’ to go along with it, is what she’s sayin’.」
Anastasia politely interpreted what Ram had meant to say. In fact, it seemed like it was the correct interpretation considering that Ram didn’t correct any of it. In short, it meant that both Ram and Anastasia had accepted Subaru’s cajolery.   
Subaru:「――Alright! Excellent, muchas gracias. I won’t make either of you regret it.」
Ram:「I will take at least some share of the responsibility in my choice. Don’t you go trying to carry my share of the burden on your back as you please. Focus your useless resourcefulness only on Rem.」
Anastasia:「Ah, if you make me regret it, I’m gonna let ya take the responsibility for it. If that happens, we’ll hafta consult with the abacus for how much it’s gonna be, don’t ya think?」
Subaru:「Both of you are so damn scathing!」
His delight was short lived, and his speech in which he had taken responsibility for the choice was quickly assailed by the both of them. Although he didn’t know how serious Eridna’s trace of Anastasia was, Eridna was putting in great efforts so that things wouldn’t end up in regret. Only that feeling was genuine.
Subaru:「Plus, it’s not like the obstacles end with just their persuasion.」
Indeed, that was right. In the end, all Subaru had got was the right to make a challenge. The challenge against the real hurdles started from here on out.  
――The fork in the road awaited their decision as it exuded an overwhelming negative atmosphere out.
They were going to take the right path where the air lay thick and visible, ever worsening. If this was a trial which the Sage had prepared, he wondered what they were thinking by opting to make this path its start.
Subaru:「If he’s waiting for us beyond this point, then let’s give him as much of a surprise as possible.  ――I’m gonna slap his face and make him apologise over and over, and after that, I’m gonna make him find Emilia and the others.」
Determining that, Subaru turned towards the right path and brandished his lantern there, having declared that. And then, Ram gave a soft sigh, behind Subaru’s back,
Ram:「I agree with you, but there’s still a chance that Emilia-sama, along with everyone else, will make it to the Watchtower before us.」
Subaru:「Honestly, wasn’t this a good spot to show off…?」
Subaru, whose spirit was being strained even before the challenge began, voiced out his disgruntlement.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
After those exchanges, the three of them and their earth dragon―― the group of four went into the right path. He still had a bad feeling, even now. That feeling seemed to make even the sand underneath his feet feel different. Whilst tasting this discomfort, Subaru wiped the cold sweat that trickled down his forehead and grinned at Patrasche.  
Subaru:「Come to think of it, I was wrong to decide which way to take without hearing your opinion.」
Patrasche:「――――」
Subaru:「Huh? Where you’re going is the road I will take? And whatever road it is, no matter how harsh, you’ll believe in me since I always weather through? Heyhey, you’re way too handsome, I’m falling in love!」
Ram:「He’s being nonsensical, but he doesn’t seem to be doing it by mistake, so he’s being sinful, don’t you think? What good do you see in him?」
Ram muttered that out as if she were shocked when she saw Subaru rambling on about Patrasche’s feelings as if he was her, whilst she remained taciturn. Though Patrasche would usually immediately rebuff such talk, right now she had remained composed as if he hadn’t said anything wrong. Or, she had thought it foolish to waste strength doing that, so she was saving it for until they reached a safer place. One of the two. Likely the latter.
Subaru:「Even if so, can you go easy on me, if possible?」
Patrasche:「――――ϡ」
Subaru:「Was that a voice of denial just now?」
Despite having chosen silence until now, she abruptly let off an impatient bark of denial at what he’d said. But then, having the mettle to first of all escape safely from here before berating him was quite the good thing. Because that meant Patrasche believed that they could get out of here safely.  
「――――」
They kept on walking without any change, with Subaru at the head, and Patrasche at the back. The lantern’s light illuminated the way several metres ahead; making sure to tread carefully, their exploration continued.
Their pace, however, had definitely slowed down compared to their way here. It was even slower than when they’d taken the left road before he had『Returned by Death.』The reason why was simple.
Subaru:「My body… is so heavy……」
It wasn’t that his weight had increased, or that an invisible Yōkai had climbed onto his back. And, in practice, it definitely wasn’t any sort of issue that affected his actual corporeal self.  
That both his body was heavy and his feet unmoving was entirely a mental problem.
Sure enough, the right path was brimming with a negative sensation that had caused his feet to seize up. He hoped this was one of the Sage’s detestable trials, and that if they came out of the forked road, they’d find a safe spot awaiting them ahead―― Of these hopes, he didn’t hold a single one. But unfortunately, even those hopes were fleeting and quickly turned. Rather, his negative thoughts, which felt like a curse, grew ever stronger.
Subaru:「――――」
Gulping down some saliva, still keeping his silence, Subaru took a step forward so to move his leaden feet from the sand. His feet were frozen in place; he wouldn’t move. Even if in his heart, Subaru knew just how weak and fragile he was, he shouldn’t have felt like cowering in this passageway of sand, where nothing had happened yet. Indeed, he felt no fear at heart, and even his head felt clear.
Just, his limbs didn’t try to move in line with that purpose. His flesh and body, only, were acting against his reason and the course of his soul. His body instinctually rejected it, and tried to stop him from moving forward.
It cost Subaru twice as much time, strength and willpower to move forward. And even he couldn’t help but feel tired.
Subaru:「Fool. Can I really whine this much?」
Violently shaking his head, Subaru tried to forget the feeling of tiredness that ladened his body. Choosing the right path had been no one but Subaru’s decision. Even though it had been, he couldn’t permit himself to try and whine, or such, before the two behind him did.   
Subaru:「Well, this walk sure may be a little difficult, but it’s no big deal. Surprisingly, our goal may be getting closer……」
Ram:「Barusu」
Subaru:「Oh, what’s up?」
Ram:「Shut up.」
Subaru:「Ah, Oh……」
His attempt at trying to drive away his whining with a show of bravado was shot down by Ram’s curt toxicity. Their pace had fallen drastically, and their fear of the surroundings had also only increased. It seemed like probably even Ram was being taxed mentally. That her words were more toxic and curter than usual was proof of that.  
Subaru:「Heey, I get what you’re feeling, but I think I suck at walking in silence.」
Ram:「Are you walking to enjoy yourself? Remember why we’re doing this.」
Subaru:「Well, no, but like…」
Ram:「Be silent and walk.」
An unapproachable, obstinate attitude. Of course, though Ram’s opinion was correct, Subaru had a point as well.
Right now, the weight of his body was pulling into sync with the weight on his mind. In other words, it had become a vicious circle where the heavier his mood got, the heavier his body became. He’d wanted to take their minds off it a bit so that things wouldn’t end up like that.
Keeping on guard was important, as well as wanting to show some consideration, but he wanted them to show that they’d understood that and taken it on board. Or rather, Ram especially should take it on board. She always showed consideration. Still, she might be really struggling.
Subaru:「Do you reckon we should move faster?」
Ram:「――――」
Subaru:「Ram?」
Subaru called out trying to determine how urgent the conditions had got, but Ram didn’t bother to reply to his words at all. The light from the two lanterns, one of which was illuminating the path ahead of Subaru, and the other which was illuminating their surroundings from Patrasche’s neck, didn’t allow the particulars of Ram’s expression to be seen.  
With her hood pulled over her head, Ram cast her eyes down to look at Anastasia’s back. Her face wasn’t visible.
Subaru:「Ram?」
Anastasia:「Natsuki-kun, is that quite enough?」
Subaru:「Ah?」
Stopping in his tracks, Subaru turned his head around to try and look at her expression. But Ram, stubborn as she was, didn’t let him see her face, and on top of that Anastasia had defended her. Seeing Subaru’s lips bend in frustration, Anastasia scratched her cheek, with a troubled expression adorning her face.
Anastasia:「I hadn’ mentioned it but, Ram-san was considerably flustered after she woke up in the undergroun’. Her composure seemed ta have come back because of how plucky she is, but I guess it still looks like she hasn’ fully regained it.」
Subaru:「――tch! You’re saying too much……!」
Anastasia:「Look, will ya leave this ta me?」
While Anastasia had put some consideration to Ram’s feelings, her words lacked in it. Having just had her hidden innermost thoughts divulged, Ram gritting her teeth could be heard all around them, but Anastasia took no notice of it. She raised one of her small hands and pointed it in front of her so that Subaru could see it.
Anastasia:「We shouldn’ talk right now. When yer nerves are frayed ta the limit, no matta’ who says what, nothin’ good will come out of it. Isn’ that right?」
Subaru:「――――」
Anastasia:「Isn’ that right?」
Though it annoyed him, Anastasia = Eridna had a point. He had put too much priority in trying to move forward and getting out of the cave safely. Subaru this time definitely hadn’t been able to consider Ram’s feelings much. The price for doing that had come to bite him back here, and mayhaps had ended up expressed in Ram’s attitude. Now that he thought about, it was overly hasty of him to assume that there was a problem there because of Ram.  
Subaru:「……You’re right. You’re definitely right. It was my bad.」
Ram:「Reflect on it.」
Subaru:「――tch! Hey, you!」
Anastasia:「Stop that, no fightin’. C’mon, Natsuki-kun, keep movin’ forward, keep movin’ forward.」
Subaru’s nerves had become frayed on seeing Ram’s attitude, which gave no signs of letting up. However, Anastasia had gotten in between them and somehow stopped him there. She  then pointed at Subaru motioning him to move forward. She nudged the lantern that was fastened around Patrasche’s neck with her feet, rocking it about.

Seeing the silhouettes of the passageway of sand flickering across his sight, Subaru clicked his tongue.   
Although he couldn’t stomach her attitude, there would be no point in them falling into strife here. Fortunately, he could excuse it as the unpleasant atmosphere influencing the highs and lows in their mood. While he could lay the blame on something, there was no need to worsen their relations with such an unnecessary thing. They could talk about their current foul attitudes when they made it safely out from here.
Subaru:「……Let’s get going.」
Once again, the search spearheaded by Subaru resumed. However, their pace was still slow, and didn’t get any faster. In the end, his so called attempt at picking up their spirits and removing the loads from their body had failed. Since nothing had changed for the better, the chances of the situation improving had naturally become zilch.
Even so, when it came to change, there had been some. And it wasn’t a change with Subaru and the others, but rather a change with the maze of sand itself.   
Subaru:「No matter how you look at it, the path has become narrower.」
They had probably spent nearly an hour steadily advancing through the right path. The pathway of sand was narrowing from the left, right, top and bottom. The height and width of the path was reaching a size that would make it impossible for large Witchbeasts to pass through. There was just enough space for Patrasche to squeeze through.
However, it was at a size where it wasn’t wide enough to accommodate the Dragon Carriage which Gyan pulled. Likely, it was impossible for Sandworms and Centaurs to pass through too.
At least in other words, when it came to the worst situation, i.e. a Centaur lying in wait ahead on the path―― that situation seemed to have been avoided. Compared to that, no matter what was awaiting ahead, at least they seemed to have avoided going towards that terrible direction.
Subaru:「But, it looks like we’ll have to be more cautious since the path’s become narrower. We’ll probably end up unable to move without any warning; you guys will need to be on your guard too.」
Ram:「……tsk」
Subaru:「――Hey」
Subaru, who had said that thinking about what would happen soon, raised one of his eyebrows at the sudden sound. Turning his head back, he looked at the two on dragonback who were illuminated by their lantern. No one responded to his shout. However, he knew that Anastasia, who was sitting at the front on top of Patrasche, had covered her face with the palm of her hands.  
That seemed natural for Anastasia who wanted in one way or another to move forward and keep things rolling along smoothly. Anyway, what Ram had done now was that she had tsk’ed at Subaru’s words.   
Subaru:「What have you really been planning from the start?」
Ram:「Nothing.」
Subaru:「It ain’t nothing! I asked you what have you been planning!」
Raising his voice at the limit of his patience, Subaru kicked at the wall of sand beside him. Part of the surface of the fragile wall came loose, but Subaru didn’t care at all about the sand which sprinkled down on him. All that Subaru saw right now was the insolent Ram.
Subaru:「All I can hear is you butting in over and over again when people are walking in silence. It seems like this isn’t the first time you clicked your tongue at me, isn’t that right? Hey, OY, what are you planning!」
Ram:「Nothing in particular. I have nothing at all to say to you, Barusu.」
Subaru:「Nothing at all, and yet aren’t you clicking your tongue at me year after year going tchtchtchtchtchtch? Aren’t you doing that? There’s got to be a reason for you to be saying that you aren’t doing that, even though you are, hasn’t there?!」
Subaru’s fervour continued to grow stronger than before, in contrast to the cold Ram’s attitude. It seemed natural. Everything which Ram had shown was cold and one-sided in contrast to the exertions which Subaru had made up until now. Subaru did not know why he was being looked down upon and rebuked.
Subaru:「If there’s something you want to say, then say it! Go and say it since I’ll listen!」
Ram:「――That’s why I have nothing to say.」
Subaru:「LIAR! ARE YOU STUPID? IF YOU FEEL LIKE HIDING STUFF THEN HIDE IT ALL! NOW THAT YOU’VE SLIPPED UP, FLAUNT IT ALL OFF… YOU SAY THERE’S NOTHING? THAT’S A FUCKING IDIOT’S EXPRESSION, HUH, DUMBASS!」
Ram:「――――」
Ram’s mood changed at seeing Subaru hurling insults at her, spittle flying from his mouth. Sat behind Anastasia, she leaned her body out and glared at Subaru. He was unsatisfied with where she sat as well. Hiding behind others, looking down at him from above.
Was she planning to rise above them all by borrowing something’s strength?
Ram:「It seems like you’ve really gotten yourself all worked about moving forward, haven’t you, Barusu?」
Subaru:「THAT’S TO BE EXPECTED THOUGH ISN’T IT! WHAT DO YOU THINK WE CAME HERE FOR?  WE CAME TO MEET THE SAGE, DIDN’T WE!? ALL THE HARDSHIPS WE FACED FOR THIS, AND ALL THE PROGRESS WE MADE, WHAT’S SO FUNNY ABOUT IT!?」
Ram:「You’re wrong. ――We didn’t come here to meet the sage.」
Subaru:「Aaaah?」
Ram:「We came here to return Rem back to how she was.」
Ram clearly asserted this, all the while glaring at Subaru. Overwhelmed by the sharpness and pressure that emanated from her eyes, Subaru (who had been seething)’s conviction weakened a little.
Saving Rem = Meeting the Sage, wasn’t it like that?
Subaru:「IT’S THE SAME THING, ISN’T IT!? MEET THE SAGE AND THEN SAVE REM! IT’S CONNECTED!」
Ram:「IT ISN’T. SAVING REM COMES FIRST, AND MEETING THE SAGE COMES AFTER THAT. YOU’VE GOT YOUR PRIORITIES WRONG……Yes, you’ve got them all wrong.」
Ram’s voice trembled as she spoke the last of those words. The fury she had voiced was a wrath that burnt like an unquenchable raging fire that brought together everything the emotionless girl had felt up until now. In the underground area of these cold sand dunes, Ram continued to speak, her words still full to the brim with the fever of wrath.  
Ram:「I came here for Rem, I came here to remember my little sister. And yet, what are we doing now? Rem isn’t even here…… so stop messing about idly in this place.」
Subaru:「No one’s messing about……! Because things ended up like this; now that things ended up like this, there’s nothing else we can do at the time it did. Am I wrong?」
Ram:「Yes, maybe so. But, before we make sure of that, Barusu, have you ever worried about Rem even once?」
Subaru:「……Ah?」
Ram:「Ever since you woke up below ground, Barusu, have you ever worried about Rem? Or about Emilia-sama? Or about Beatrice-sama? Have you ever at all worried about those who are missing?」
Ram showered those questions at him, but he kept silent, speaking not a single word in return. Certainly this time around, unlike the last, Subaru hadn’t tried to check how everyone else was doing, after he had woken up from『Returning by Death.』
However, this absolutely wasn’t because he wasn’t worried about them, but rather because he knew that Ram and Anastasia didn’t know anything about them. It was Subaru’s consideration. It was care. And despite that,
Ram:「No, you never did, did you. You never did, Barusu. You don’t care at all about Rem, Barusu, because your head is full of Emilia-sama and Beatrice-sama. Well, so be it, you’re just that kind of man. But, I feel bad for Rem.」
Subaru:「……Shut up.」
Ram:「Didn’t Rem believe in you, Barusu? Ah, though I don’t know since that too is a convenient story which I’ve just heard from you, Barusu. Maybe you were just saying whatever popped into your head. You only say what’s convenient in front of women. I feel bad for Emilia-sama and Beatrice-sama as well, deceived by such a man!」
Subaru:「SHUT THE HELL UP!」
Ram:「No, I will not. How many times must I repeat myself. ――Barusu, you don’t care about Rem at all. Even if she isn’t found, you would just feel glad.」
Subaru:「――DON’T YOU MESS ABOUT WITH ME!!」
His field of view was died in crimson, and his nerves had flared up hearing her vent those thoughtless remarks. His anger at the arrogant woman, who had vented out those selfish words whilst looking down upon him from her perch, exploded.  
He would grab her and drag her down―― Though the time it would take to do that wasn’t quick enough.
Subaru:「INVISIBLE PROVIDENCE――!!」
Ram:「――KH, AH!?」
Subaru dropped that darkish sensation which swirled through his brain down to his chest, and let it loose. The black palm which had come into being cried out in joy and smoothly stretched itself out. It crept up to the rear of the Earth Dragon’s back, where it threw down the pink-haired girl who had denounced him.    
Letting off a shriek, Ram wildly tumbled onto the sand. Confusion racked Ram’s face, indicating she had no idea what had happened after she had been hit by the demonic hand which wasn’t visible to the naked eye. Subaru rushed over next to where Ram was lying down atop of the sand. And then,
Subaru:「Don’t you mess about with me.」
Saying that he didn’t think at all about Rem, saying things like that, was no joke. Consumed by anger, everything had become like whichever way he looked at it from, following his overheated thoughts.   
Ram:「――urkh」
――Subaru leaned down over the supine Ram and began to strangle her slender neck.
Creak, Creak.
Creak, Creak, Creak.


Chapter 15
Subaru’s fingers wrapped around the slender, white neck. As Subaru tightened his hold using all of his strength and felt their neck bones creaking underneath his palms, he felt like something was quite out of place―― like it was a girl’s slender neck.    
Ram:「……a, ukh」
Ram was being straddled, and her neck was being strangled by someone with all their might. A groan escaped from her lips. Her noble features were warped in agony, and drool could be seen dribbling down from the corner of her rosy lips. Her red tongue danced from side to side searching for freedom inside of her mouth. She thrashed her arms and legs about, desperately resisting him.
Ram:「――――」
Subaru couldn’t possibly put up a fight against Ram if she put up a serious resistance. She had managed to strike Garfiel down for a bit back at the『Sanctuary』by herself, and even if she hadn’t, she was a woman that should be well acquainted with the art of self-defence. It would be reasonable to assume that she should possess multiple ways to restrain him and deal with a situation of this ilk where she was seized from above by a man like this.
However, that would boil down to whether she could at least get one of her limbs free or not.
Subaru:「――Invisible Providence」
Ram:「……gh」
Subaru set free the dark emotions within his chest as he strangled her neck with a Creak-creak. The dark, invisible sediment took shape and helped keep Ram’s arms and legs firmly pinned down now. With her limbs pinned down, Ram was unable to struggle about effectively. Her breath would soon stop so long as he continued to put his strength into strangling her neck.
Ram, too, would have regretted her reckless remarks from earlier if she stopped breathing. Subaru would be able to make her pay with her life for having wounded his heart with her misdirected callous remarks, and for her ungrounded thoughtless remarks which had been spurned by her selfishness, and for having spoken light of Rem, for thinking he never cared for her.    
Subaru:「It’s you who’s at fault. It’s you, you, you!」
Ram was detestable. Ram was detestable. Ram was detestable.
All of those little things that piled up poured out one after the other. He put his hatred into the fingers which were strangling her neck; his nails dug into her pale skin, and blood trickled down.  
Ram:「Hhh……hk」
Ram turned her eyes full of hate at Subaru who was breathing heavily and relishing the touch of hot blood at the end of his fingernails.
What was with that inflexibility in her light pink irises that gazed at him while the light of her life was about to be snuffed out? It’s as if they were complaining saying: “I won’t truly die by having my life taken.”

He decided that he would gouge out her eyes after he strangled her to death.
Subaru:「Gonna rip you apart piece by piece, bitch……You, when I think of you looking at me with that face which is a spitting image of Rem’s, it makes me wanna hurl.」
Ram:「…………」
Subaru:「Ohh? What is it, I can’t hear you. If you got something to say, then say it clearly――」
Ram:「……la」
Ram wheezed something out that overlapped with the last syllable of Subaru’s abusive tirade. For a split second, Subaru narrowed his eyes to the echo of that sound. Then the sand beneath Subaru, who was pushing Ram down, exploded and both of their bodies were blown away.
Subaru:「WH…A!?」
Ram:「Ghha……!」
Subaru was showered in sand by the sudden blast which got inside of his mouth and eyes. He toppled down towards the back to the taste of sand and pain. Ram too had been caught up in the explosion, and her small body had taken the brunt of it as she tumbled away from him.   
Bearing cuts from the explosion, the blood Ram spilled had spattered across the sand. However, Ram had escaped from Subaru’s clutch. That was the fact of the matter.
Subaru:「Ram! You used fucking magic…..!」
Ram:「I had enough time…. To take a gasped breath. That’s all I need… to be able to, chant…..gh」
Ram picked herself up from her knees, her breathing was in a feeble state.  She had barely managed to chant out her『Fula』wind magic whilst her neck was being strangled. Unable to afford to miss, and unable to aim accurately, she had instead aimed underneath her. As a result, she had dragged both herself and Subaru into the blast and escaped from danger――.
Subaru:「Tch――！」
Ram:「――――」
As soon as he came to that realisation, Subaru turned his hand to the back of his waist and pulled out his whip.  At the same time, Ram pulled out a short wand from her bosom, letting her fighting spirit well out showing that she was prepared for battle.
Ram as a magician had the capacity to deliver one strong blow, but even Subaru wouldn’t be bested when it came to the speed which he could attack at. The swift nature of the whip was one that was favoured even by the big guns of this world.
He should crack his whip straight at her unperturbed looking face so to make it one that he’d never have to see again.
Subaru:「Even if you start crying and apologising, it’s far too late!」
Ram:「That’s my line. There’s no value in letting an uncaring sex freak like you Barusu meet Rem. Turn to pieces and wither upon the sand.」
Subaru:「Whatever you say!」
Subaru’s resolve in dealing with Ram, who had softly let her murderous intentions flare up, stiffened as well. Making use of the light of the lantern which had dropped down between them, both Ram and Subaru continued to glare at each other, moving around each other in a circle as they slowly tried to get within striking distance.
And just as the lid was about to be blown off on them slaughtering each other―― Just a few seconds before that happened.  
???:「――Alrigh’, that’s enough!」
Subaru & Ram:「――!?」
The sound of violent applause echoed throughout, and both Subaru and Ram’s faces jerked up on hearing its withered timbre. The one who had interrupted them, Anastasia, was looking down on them from dragonback.
She glared at the two who had been on the verge of trying to kill each other in turn, still sat alone on top of Patrasche. 
Anastasia:「That’s enough. I don’t think it’s acceptable that yer both glaring at each other with such angry looks on yer faces despite us all bein’ on the same side. There oughta be limits no matter where ya are.」
Subaru:「Limits? AAH, OF COURSE THERE’S LIMITS. AND THE ONE WHO STEPPED OVER THEM AND SAID SOMETHING THAT SHE NEVER SHOULD’VE IS THAT GIRL THERE, ISN’T IT!? THAT’S WHY I’M MAKING HER PAY FOR IT!」
Anastasia:「Ugh, since I ain’t getting through to you, what about you, Ram-san?」
Anastasia looked on in shock at Subaru as he jabbed his finger at Ram, and spoke with spittle flying out of his mouth. She had turned her flow of talk towards Ram, but the response she received from the pink haired girl wasn’t all that different from Subaru’s.

Ram still warily kept the tip of her wand pointed at Subaru, keeping herself on guard for battle.
Ram:「What a foolish question. It’s Barusu’s attitude that’s intolerable….. I’m rather at the limits of my patience. If all he cares about is himself, then why don’t we go and drop him in the pitch black darkness alone just like he wants.」
Subaru:「I HAVE NO WORDS FOR THIS BULLSHIT, FUCK OFF!」
Anastasia:「No good from her too, huh? Jeez, why. ‘T seems like I’ve got too much on my shoulders…..」
Seeing Ram’s attitude, whose anger remained unrelenting, Subaru’s anger also showed no signs of disappearing. Anastasia shrugged her shoulders with a gesture that indicated she’d given up on the two of them, who continued to exchange sharp looks of murderous intent.
Looking at her from the corner of his eye, Subaru began to feel irritated at Anastasia as well.  
In the first place, why was Anastasia alone making a face that looked just like she was an outsider?
He wondered who the hell it had been that was behind everything that had happened. He wondered who the hell it was that had first told him to travel to the Augria Sand Dunes and aim for the Sage’s Watchtower.
Who the hell did they think they were leaving everything to others despite unmistakably having the strongest incentive for setting out to the Watchtower?
And on top of that, they were sitting alone, even now, looking down from the top of his Patrasche――
Subaru:「HEY, YOU. WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU PREACHING TO ME FROM UP ABOVE. GET DOWN. 」
Anastasia:「……Huh, it’s come to that?」
Subaru:「Get on the same level as me before you run your mouth with your arrogance. I’ll hear what you have to say after that. I ain’t gonna let you run your mouth at me unless you can do that!」
He swung his whip down, scattering sand up with a woosh. His whip caused skin to split open if it hit its target; even by looking at it, his whip was a weapon designed to inflict cruel wounds. It probably wouldn’t matter if he hurt her host body regardless of whether Eridna was inside of it.
As a matter of fact, Anastasia complied with Subaru’s orders and slowly climbed down from Patrasche’s back. Right after she landed gingerly onto the sand, she cocked her head and asked:「Now what?」
Anastasia:「There, I got down too, but…… Natsuki-kun, what is it that ya want ta do?」
Subaru:「That should be obvious. I’ll let that idiot take back what she said before and if she doesn’t want to, then there’ll be just one thing left to do.」
If Ram changed her attitude and apologised from the depths of her heart, taking back everything she had said up until now, then Subaru would consider taking into account the extenuating circumstances.
However, Ram’s reaction, who’d heard what he’d said, was something that was easy enough to understand.
Anastasia:「Well, that’s what Natsuki-kun’s sayin’, but, what do ya think of it, Ram-sam?」
Ram:「That’s out of the question. You’re leaping to conclusions, for I have nothing that should be taken back. I’m having a hard time understanding what on earth I’d be saying differently.」
Ram snorted, declaring that with an attitude that looked like she was making a fool out of them from the depths of her heart.
That was her answer. Thus, with that, she had forever lost her chance to be forgiven.
Subaru:「You heard her. Back off. I’m gonna make it so that there’s only one face which is the same as Rem’s in this world.」
Ram:「――――」
Subaru:「AAH, HEY? You got nothing to say?」
Ram:「I’m talking to myself here, but idiocy is a contagious thing when speaking with idiots. That’s why I am not say anything.」
A vein bulged across his forehead, Subaru’s remaining patience got closer and closer to its limit. In that state, Subaru gathered his strength and tried to get to where Ram was (straight ahead of him) so he could tear her limb from limb. Anastasia rushed out spreading out her hands in front of Subaru.
Anastasia:「Whoawhoawhoa! Hey, calm down! You’re jumping to conclusions again.」
Subaru:「Get out of my way! Do you want me to pummel the life out of you first!?」
Anastasia:「Ya left this to me. Remember? Hey, Ram-san, just a sec’…..」
Holding Subaru back, who was trying to step forward, Anastasia turned towards Ram. The taciturn Ram glared at Subaru, before reluctantly moving her gaze slightly towards Anastasia.
However, it didn’t seem likely that she would change her opinion. In fact, the look in her eyes betrayed that she had no intention to do so. It seemed like she had stepped towards Anastasia just out of obligation.
Anastasia:「Look, Ram-san. I get that ‘cause the air’s bad ‘n such, various feelings end up gettin’ frayed, but……」
Ram:「Such talk doesn’t matter right now, don’t you think? More than that, go say it to that idio――」
Anastasia:「――Alrigh’. It doesn’ matter, jeez」
Giving off a fidgety impression, Ram tried to end her conversation with Anastasia as well. For the first time, she had moved her face away from Subaru and looked dead on at Anastasia.
The reason was because she’d felt a sudden impact. The impact which had pierced into her body, more precisely, the left part of her chest was―― Was due to the thick knife which Anastasia held in her hand.
Ram:「Ah, gh……?」
Anastasia:「I had ta eyeball a decision of which of ya would be useful. Can ya forgive me?」
She twisted her knife and pulled it out from the wound. Ram looked down at the fatal wound that had been birthed on the left side of her chest as blood tricked out from the corner of her lips. Then, she looked up at Anastasia, who had raised her hand up with a smile on her face, and collapsed in front of her.
Ram feebly fell down onto the sand. The blood that gushed out of her continued to be soaked up by the parched sand.
Subaru:「H- hah?」
Subaru looked at the scene with his own eyes, at a loss at what had occurred. His palm which he held his whip with trembled and his molars creaked in anger.
Subaru:「WHY DID YOU…..!」
Anastasia:「Since ya were goin’ about it slowly Natsuki-kun, didn’t it seem like ya’d have ended up killin’ each other if Ram-san’s vigilance couldn’ be loosened? What would I do if both of ya got injured, or both of ya died? I can’t escape from this place all alone, y’know?」
Anastasia cocked her head at the angered Subaru, her face showing no ill will. Her words made logical sense, but what could he, who was crushed by logic, do about this fury of his? His urge that he should have attacked Ram was still uncontrollable, and his rage was still bottled up.
Anastasia:「Or…. Are ya feelin’ like takin’ out yer annoyance on me?」
Subaru:「――――」
Anastasia:「Don’t ya think it’s stupid to get seized up by yer current rage and lose sight of the goal? I think that’s enough of gettin’ rid of companions for the time bein’.」
Anastasia’s words continued to quench his fury as if she was slowly pouring water on them. It was certainly as she said; continuing to get rid of the thinking minds which had come this far was foolish. Moreover, Anastasia = Eridna was their guide for their journey to the Pleiades Watchtower. It was dubious whether her knowledge had come in use, but casting her aside would be regrettable.
She was different from Ram. The latter’s words only made him sick to the stomach and had no use to him. Anastasia was a piece that would be bothersome to lose; yes, that’s how it was.
Subaru:「……Alright, I’ll get on board with your persuasion for now.」
Anastasia:「Mhm, that’s great with me. No, thank goodness. What a relief」
Making a show of patting her chest in relief, Anastasia smiled from ear to ear. And then, she stepped through the sand, giving off a perilous impression, and came towards Subaru, proffering her hand out.
Perhaps she wanted them to shake hands?
Anastasia:「A reconciliation; a handshake, ta show that from here on out, we’ll treat each other well, won’t we?」
Subaru:「――――」
Subaru faltered for a moment in thought as he looked at the hand she had offered out to him, her face showed no traces of maliciousness. Anastasia’s true feelings―― Or rather, right now it was Eridna’s true feelings. He didn’t truly know what she was scheming. He was neither comfortable or optimistic enough to think that everything she’d spoken was the truth.
To start with, Anastasia had killed Ram with the knife that she’d kept concealed, whilst she expressed the same smile as she was showing now. Indeed, with a knife that she had kept concealed.  
The thick knife she was holding looked like it could cut all the way to the bone depending how it was handled. Since it had been put in their survival kit along with their lanterns, the kind of utility of an item that was presumed to be for survival was pretty high. However, she had kept it concealed all this time, and had used it in self-defence at her time of need. ――No, it may not have been self defence.
Anastasia:「Natsuki-kun?」
Subaru:「――――」
Anastasia:「Ya ain’t takin’ my hand?」
The hand she had offered out, her right one, was empty. However, her left hand was still holding the knife, even now. The range at which he’d be able to shake her hand was also the range at which the knife would be able to reach him. At least one of his hands would be occupied if he took her hand. He didn’t even need to consider which out of his whip and her knife would be more effective at this distance. Taking her hand: wasn’t that in itself a trap?
――Shouldn’t he kill her before he was killed?
Anastasia:「Natsuki-kun?」
Subaru:「Don’t worry, it’s nothing.」
Subaru gave a weak smile and reached out for Anastasia’s right hand. The moment in which she lowered her guard completely would be his chance, after they took each other’s hand.
――Invisible Providence.
He once again invoked his『Unseen Hand』, and the black hand slowly fixed its sights onto Anastasia’s slender neck. He wouldn’t make the same mistake as he had with Ram. Next, he would make the black palm mercilessly crush her throat. He would teach a lesson to the woman who had kept belittling him ever since she had managed to secure the upperhand with her knife.  
Although, even if he wanted to show her, this palm wasn’t visible――.
Subaru:「――――」
Then, Subaru slowly took her outstretched hand with his own whilst he put the fingers of his black hand around Anastasia’s neck. The touch of slender fingers; Anastasia’s smile’s grew deeper. And at the same time, Subaru’s lips broke into a sad smile too.
Anastasia:「Well then……」
Right here. Thus, he believed.
He would use the strength of his demonic hand before Anastasia could finish speaking and raise her knife. He would grasp her slender neck with his black fingers, and crush her neckbones in an instant――.
――Just before that happened however, a blade of wind came streaming in and cut Anastasia’s body in two from behind.  

  ※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
  He felt like he’d hallucinated that a wind had blown, straight after that.

A spray of red gushed out right in front of his eyes, a daft voice let out an「Eh?」and Anastasia’s body was cut in two across the middle.  
A heapload of blood was strewn out onto the white sand. Steaming shit and warm guts mingled in with the cold air, leaving behind a putrid smell to hang over the inside of the cave.
Pink small and large intestines, along with many other internal organs that still showed faint traces of activity rolled onto the sand. The sand itself had turned into a showcase of organs, in which the items on display were the raw ingredients that made up a young girl.
Subaru:「――Ah?」
Seeing the spectacle in front of him, Subaru cast his gaze down to his own hand. What he saw there was Anastasia’s upper body swinging about; she was still firmly grasping Subaru’s right hand with hers. She opened her eyes and speechlessly looked up at Subaru.
Behind her, the lower part of her body which had been cut at the waist, was flopping about. Her legs were convulsing like a marionette, and pee was pouring out everywhere as her muscles had relaxed.     
Subaru:「A-AHHHHHHHHHH――!?」
Subaru let out a scream at Anastasia’s horrific condition. He immediately tried to shake her arm away, however she was holding on with inordinate strength. Unable to shake her off, Subaru just swung the now half in weight Anastasia about. More blood spewed out of her as she was swung about, and the intestine that still connected the upper half of her body with her lower jolted about, scattering body fluids everywhere and emitting a foul odour.
Subaru:「Hah, LET GO! LET GOOOOOOO!」
Anastasia:「NOOOOO! I DON’T WANT TO DIE…..!」
Subaru:「YOU’RE ALREADY DEAD! CAN’T YOU GRASP THAT YOU’RE BEYOND SAVING!?」
Her vivid laments were far more clear than imagined, leading Subaru to scream in return. The upper and lower half of her body had now separated and so much blood and guts had flooded out. It was wrong for her not to have died immediately. It was also wrong for her to still keep grasping his hand. It was all so ridiculous.
Subaru:「LETGOLETGOLETGOLETGOLETGO――」
Anastasia:「NO, NOOO! I WON’T, I ABSOLUTELY WOOON’T……hk」
Subaru:「EVEN IF YOU SAY THAT NOW, I CAN’T DO ANYTH―……GHAA!?」
The upper half of Anastasia clung to his arm, and pain shot through Subaru’s shoulder as he tried to throw her off. Anastasia was still holding the knife in her left hand, and had thrust it into Subaru’s body in an attempt to hold on to him.
The sharp blade easily pierced through Subaru’s left shoulder, and cracked his collarbone beneath it. Bleeding and scorching pain caused Subaru to scream.  
Subaru:「GHAAAAAAAAA――!? FUCKING IDIOT, HURRY UP AND DIEEE!!」
Anastasia:「NOOOO…..hk」
Subaru fiercely grabbed Anastasia by the face and forcefully tore off her body. With great difficulty, he held the girl who had shouted something out whilst in tears, and threw her away.
From the start, Anastasia’s body had been quite petite. And now that she had become half, and with all the blood she had lost, she felt as light as a feather.
Subaru:「Haaah, haaah, haaaaa……..!」
Without taking any notice of that, Subaru put his hand on his wounded right shoulder. His sight flickered in pain, and his heartbeat accelerated like it was going to explode. However, it wasn’t a life-threatening wound.
Subaru sluggishly reached into his thoughts whilst besieged by an unchanged sickening tension.
The blow that had killed Anastasia before was――.
???:「――Barusu.」
Subaru:「Gh-a」
A shadow swayed up in front of Subaru, who had fallen onto his backside and was gasping in pain.
A slender girl with blood covering half of her body came into view from the dim light of the lantern which was half-buried in sand―― Ram.
Since she had been stabbed in the chest by Anastasia’s knife, he’d taken her for dead. Yet, the girl still breathed. And keeping ahold of her tenacity, she had killed Anastasia with her magic.  
Subaru:「……This fucking idiot. If you’re gonna die, then fucking die on your own.」
Subaru declared that with annoyance in his voice as he looked up at the staggering Ram. It wasn’t as if Ram wasn’t covered in wounds. Anastasia’s attack had been fatal for sure. The bleeding from the wound in her chest hadn’t stopped, and even now, blood was endlessly soiling her skirt all the way down to its hem. It looked like she’d soon die due to blood loss.
However, before that happened, she could take Subaru with her.
Subaru:「Sh…it……」
Subaru looked around his surroundings, trying to find his arme de guerre, his whip. However, even if he located it, his right arm which he used to wield it was injured from the shoulder. He couldn’t wield it with his left arm like he did with his right.
Then, he had just one choice left.
Subaru:「INVISIBLE PROVIDENCE…..!?」
His trump card, which he’d already relied on many times in this short period of time. Once again, Subaru’s brain throbbed in burning pain the moment he tried to unleash the strength of his invisible black palm. An agony like his skull was being bored through by a drill exploded within him.  
Subaru:「GHA! AAH!? GHHHUGH!?」
Puke trickled out from the corner of Subaru’s mouth due to the agony that visited him in waves.
In exchange for trying to use his trump card past its limits, his consciousness was broken up by the hellish banquet that had woken up inside his skull, starting from his cranial nerves. The pain of his right shoulder and such wasn’t even comparable to this.
Whittling at his brain and skull, the sense of loss froze Subaru’s will like it was gnawing at his soul.
Speaking nothing of the resistance he offered with his crappy whip, Subaru, who was writhing in agony, was prime prey. The dying Ram moved her body fuelled only by hatred and slowly made her way towards Subaru, raising her bloodstained wand.
Ram:「Fuuu」
Subaru:「AAAAAH! GHAAAA! OOOOAAAAAAH!?」
Subaru rolled over to where Anastasia lay in her pool of blood, still holding his head. Looking down at him, Ram’s lips stirred, and she began to chant her spell. And then――
Ram:「la――」
Subaru:「――――」
She completed her chant, and the blade of wind which she created hewed Subaru down. But before that came to be, the sound of something hard being chewed echoed out across the cold cave of sand.
That horrible grating sound continued, and it changed into the sound of flesh and water being chewed.
Subaru:「AH……Ah」
That he would die, that he would be hewn down; Subaru had been convinced of that. However, the『Death』that should have come to him didn’t come at all. Finally, Subaru (who had been breathing heavily and rolling around)’s headache and feeling of loss slowly started to subside.
Subaru:「AH, HAH, ah, AH?」
He covered his face with his left hand and briskly shook his head which was drenched in cold sweat. Though a dull ache remained, the sharp blade-like agony had faded. Taking deep breaths, he lifted himself up using the strength of his entire soul. Subaru wiped his moistened cheeks whilst he foolishly took the time to raise only his upper body.
He noticed that his palm was covered in bright red, the source of which came from his own eyes―― It seemed like he had shed tears of blood.
A lot of blood dripped from his nose as well; the lower half of his face was probably in a horrific state. There was likely no doubt that the drilling pain which pierced directly to his brain was in recompense for his『Unseen Hand.』It was a familiar story. The feedback from having used his special superpower had come.
Subaru:「What happ……」
Briskly wiping his face with his sleeve, Subaru looked around his surroundings. He had no idea how much time he’d spent in agony. Nevertheless, he had hardly even thought it possible that he had it in himself to spend his time like that.
Something had happened, and with that he had been――.
Subaru:「Patrasche?」
Patrasche:「――――」
Subaru’s jet black Earth Dragon nestled up beside him as he sat in blank amazement. Crouched down on the sand, she heard Subaru’s call and shook her long tail, indicating that she was in good health.  
Subaru:「So you were uninjured? Hmm, let me think…..」
Just now, he recalled what had happened before. He recalled the scene in which Anastasia had been cut in two by Ram, and the latter aiming down at him. Subaru should have been ripped to shreds by Ram’s doing.    
Subaru:「And yet, why….. Did Ram…?」
Perhaps she had used up all her strength and collapsed?
Though it was a really convenient development, Ram had been bearing fatal wounds. It wouldn’t be farfetched to think that she’d collapsed.
Subaru:「Is that lucky, or unlucky..….」
He didn’t want to say that he was lucky since she had been no less than almost dead. However, if he thought about it, he still couldn’t say he was unlucky since he ought to have been dead if things had gone south.
In any case, now wasn’t the time to go on about these things. Given that everyone who had gotten in his way was gone, he had to get out of this place as soon as he could and make his way to the Watchtower.
Subaru:「Patrasche…..Sorry, let me hop on.」
Patrasche:「――――」
Subaru:「Patrasche?」
Subaru called out to her and touched her back, but the Earth Dragon didn’t obey his instructions. On the contrary, Patrasche, who had crouched down, still didn’t make any move to show her face to him.
She was sitting next to him on the sand, looking rather at peace, merely breathing heavily over and over.
Subaru:「Hey, Patrasche. Are you listening? HEY.」
His irritation slowly started to increase. It was a spiral of negative emotions which built up at supersonic speed, similar to those which he had felt against Ram and Anastasia. He felt like he wanted to teach the unresponsive Earth Dragon her place.
Subaru:「HEY, PATRASCHE, YOU, LOOK OVER HERE! HEY! 」
Patrasche:「――――」
Subaru:「BASTARD, LISTEN TO WHAT I’VE BEEN SAYING FROM THE START…….」
Patrasche lifted her head up at Subaru, who had raised his voice and furiously slapped her back. He realised that she was trying to come face to face with him to try and express her words, breathing heavily out of her nose.
Patrasche’s mouth looked far from normal and was dyed in red.
Subaru:「――――」
That crimson colour was one that he had become used to seeing already in this short period of time. That colour coated parts of Subaru’s body as well, and still streamed down from his right shoulder even now. The foul smell which drifted around the area lay thick in it, along with that of piss and shit; there was no mistaking it.
However, he hadn’t wanted to notice something, he shouldn’t have noticed it.
Subaru:「――――」
『Pink Hair』innumerably entwined itself between the fangs that lined Patrasche’s mouth, who had now turned his way.
Subaru:「Eep」
On the other side of the crouched Patrasche’s large body, Ram, whom he had lost sight of, fell down to the ground. Though the body of the girl fell, he couldn’t tell whether she was lying face up or face down. Checking that would be easy to tell if he looked at her head, but it was precisely because of that which he couldn’t. He couldn’t assess that because everything above her neck was chewed and its original shape was lost.
Ram’s skull had been crushed by vicious fangs and her brain juice had spilled out leaving her dead. Just like Anastasia who’d had her guts spilled out before dying, Ram had had the contents of her skull spilled out.
And, the one who’d done that, Patrasche, was staring intently at Subaru now.
Her yellow eyes which resembled that of a reptile were sharply and cruelly tinged with madness.   
Subaru:「――Sto」
The last thing he saw was her maw opening up millimetres from his eyes.
All that Natsuki Subaru heard was the sound of his own body being chewed up all the way until just before he slipped out of consciousness. Even after his head was crushed and his ears stopped working, the sound continued.
He almost ended up laughing, wondering where he was hearing the sound from. However, he had no mouth to laugh with, no life that he could merely laugh at, and nothing which he could laugh at.  
He was chewed up by his companion, and died.


Chapter 16
― The sound of something breaking, only the consciousness continued to hear endlessly.
 
Bones were being chewed, gray matter being crushed, eyeballs cracking as liquid overflowed from them.
 
Cranium, the head’s bones were being crushed. Blocking what was inside, that important part was thoroughly defeated by the pressure of sharp fangs, and it was clear that it was all turning into a pulpy mess.
 
Gray matter and spinal fluid flowed out together, mixing with an unknown yellow liquid pooling on the forehead, where blood vessels tore like thin mesh and red blood gushed forth. With all of that coming together, consciousness and memory transformed into flesh-colored vomit. 
 
Pain, there is pain. Stifling, too.
It felt like a cracking headache - and thinking so, the consciousness bitterly smiled.
 
The pain from being shattered is not what it’s about.
 
There was nothing left to break, and everything important was already smashed. Besides, even when the part that feels pain has collapsed, what is left to say?
 
The brain that accumulates memory flowed out, the organs used for thinking collapsed, the parts necessary for maintaining life in the first place, were severed from the root. Do you know what happens, when that happens?
 
Once that is the case, humans will meet "death".
So, naturally, him too――.
 
__________________________

Ram: "――rusu. Barusu. Get yourself together."
 
Beaten up and grabbed by the scruff of the neck, the intensely muddled consciousness was forcefully brought into light. The first thing he felt when returning was someone’s voice close to his ears scolding him with a stern face. Not only was the sound of a trembling voice, but also a slight feeling on his face as if it had been slapped.
 
Ram: "Barusu, if you don’t get up, I will burn off your eyelids."
 
Subaru: "――hk"
 
As the sleeping mind heard those dreadful statements, his consciousness rapidly rose to the surface . As the voice called and dragged it out of that dark world, consciousness passed through a suffocating environment that appeared like the surface of water. And so, opening his eyelids before they get burned,
 
Ram: "- Barusu, did you get up?"
 
Subaru: "----"
 
Immediately he encountered Ram’s face in front, who narrowed her light crimson eyes. His breathing came back, her face was so close that he could touch her lips if he raised his mouth a bit. Of course, it does not mean that such colorful circumstances could exist. The reason Ram was leaning down so close was because the surroundings were so dark that they couldn’t see each other’s faces unless they looked very closely, that was there was to it.
 
When he became aware of Ram in front of him, his sense of touch started to come back from the bottom up. Fine particles of sand rolled out from atop his body. Subaru had been lying spread-eagled on the sand sea.
 
With a breath, air leaked out of Subaru’s mouth, and Ram seemed to stare deep into his eyes for a short moment, and then slowly with the other hand she shined a lantern on his body. From the girl’s hand, an orange light tore through the darkness, and Subaru understood that he was still trapped in the labyrinth of sand―― No, he understood he had “Returned by death”.
 
Subaru: "I am....."
 
Looking around the darkness, Subaru gradually remembered what happened.


The shock at the moment of "death" was always vivid, and there was no sign that shaking off the memories was at all something he had gotten used to. Immersed in the trembling memory field, he struggled to remember the meaning of his certain “death”, and Subaru’s last moments grazed past his fingertips as he remembered it.
 
Subaru: "____"
 
His mind recollected the awful situation, as the lantern illuminated Ram’s expression of hatred. And then, although they had a history of insults and abuse to begin with, there was no meaning behind the murder that led to that miserable end.
 
Subaru: "Ubu ......"
 
Ram: "Barusu?"
 
Making a confused face in front of Ram, Subaru involuntarily puts his hand over his mouth. 
Remembering the reality of Ram’s death just a couple of minutes ago and the desire to scream―― was not it. Actually, facing Ram and reliving his gruesome last moments, he wanted to vomit.

Subaru: “Ooog, eh, gh--”
 
For Subaru, his "deaths" had already exceeded the number that could be counted by the fingers on both hands. And in this world with "Return by death", it could be said that the experience of losing a close friend like Emilia or Beatrice was the same as his own “death”.
 
However, for Subaru, he never got used to “death”. For his own, or the "death" of someone else is equally the same. The fear of being dead himself or thinking that someone in his family might die, tores his heart.
 
- Indeed, in the last loop, the tragedy of Ram's brutal death was a shock he experienced for the first time.


He had seen her figure being torn by the belly, breaking her neck, having her whole body mercilessly slashed, and then dying.
 
Each death was full of anguish and grief, and Subaru can’t compare people’s deaths lining them up side by side. It doesn’t feel right. However, it was the first time his head was crushed, chewed down and smashed.
 
He also saw Ram's beautiful face being crushed by fangs without mercy. That was also a tragedy done in the hands of Patrasche, who was also one of the most trusted beings for Subaru.
 
Subaru: "....... “ 
 
Being desperate was not the same as remembering. The more he tried to forget Ram’s miserable end... the clearer the pink hair and the remnants of the head that remained in the mouth of the earth dragon, gets engraved in Subaru’s head.
 
As a result, it was not possible to get over the urge to vomit, so Subaru turned toward the sand. However, his throat and stomach have not recovered from the impact of "Return by death", they just clamped and wouldn’t obey Subaru's will.
 
Subaru: "Hey, oh! ...!
 
Ram: "...... Is this just because you woke up suddenly? Miserable."
 
Tackling the ground, desperately trying to vomit the contents of his stomach, nothing came out. He was surprised because his throat was dry and not even a drop of saliva came out.
 
He couldn't see Ram’s expression looking at him with a lantern, but the surprised tone in her voice was easily conveyed.
 
Naturally, the coldness reminded him of events just before that "death". The passion that led to the murderous intent was rising for no reason, and the abuse that spewed out in the beginning and joined the violent passion, the impulse that drove to the urge inside the chest, it became dreadful.


However,
 
Ram: "- Don’t bite"
 
Subaru: "-hk"
 
In a word, the preamble Ram sat down beside Subaru and lifted up his chin. The kneeling Subaru was surprised for a moment, Ram opened Subaru’s mouth, with the same uninterested look as always― then thrusted her white fingers onto the back of Subaru’s throat.
 
Subaru: ".........”
 
Ram: "I knew that Barusu’s unskillfullness was hard-core, but this is just like a baby."
 
Having someone else’s fingers entering his throat, Subaru felt like his esophagus was being rudely violated.
 
But then, the stomach and throat, which had resisted vomiting until then, gave a new surprise. This time it desperately began to push out the gastric juice and saliva all together.
With tearful eyes, Subaru gets rid of his urge to vomit on the sand by letting out the stomach’s content. He only spit out gastric juice and drool, but it was still much better than it was before vomiting.
 
Subaru: "Eh, bastard ...... ha, bad ... Well, ok, okay ... oh ..."
 
Ram: "So? I'm glad that you seem satisfied."
 
Subaru: "You......."
 
Subaru wiping his mouth with a sleeve, Ram shrugs her shoulders and returns to her usual childish attitude.


Despite her attitude, it was true that she was guilty of treating him like a baby. There was no room to argue that, and Ram’s palm was still gently stroking Subaru's back.
It was hard to understand, her bitter affection.
 
Subaru: "The hand, it’s all right. More than that, this place......"
 
Ram: "You remember that the barrier got broken and the sandy sea cracked in front of us? That swallowed our dragon carriage there, and as a result we got thrown in here."
 
Ram threw out her conjectures while Subaru looked at the surroundings. Subaru was hesitant to decide whether to embrace the relief or anxiety for the continuation of the "Return by death" in response to her remark.
 
However, in either case, action must be taken quickly. According to that judgment, trying to keep up with the words - "When you awoke in the underground, did Barusu worry about Rem? What about Emilia? What about Beatrice-sama? Did you worry about someone you did not find?" 
 
Subaru: "――"
 
What revitalized his mind was those sharp and depressed words of Ram's. The discord that invited the last events - the situation where friends killed each other, was obviously abnormal. He must come back to his senses, but he can hardly return to himself recalling the situation. In the first place, the trick was abnormal. The accumulation of negative emotions was amplified to the extent that it became so absurd to the point of killing each other in a bloody fight.
 
Ram: "Barusu?"
Ram tilts her head at Subaru’s state as his words don’t come out.
The last time they talked, that abnormal situation followed suit. But of course, there was no meaning in being concerned about the words Ram said in such a state. ―But it was inaccurate to say that everything said was a lie.
 
The fact is that Subaru felt that Ram’s dissatisfaction or indignation was not fake but true, even though it was amplified to the extent that it was abnormal. Not everything was untrue.
 
Then, it was true that Subaru's attitude seemed like he didn’t worry about Emilia and the others, and Ram had held some grudge at his wording. If consideration was given to that feeling, Subaru should be worried about Emilia here in any shape.
 
Actually, he was worried, so it wasn’t a lie to act that way. However, he just knew that he couldn’t do anything about what he was worried about.
 
Subaru: "――"
 
In the meantime, Subaru realized deception should be packed in words. He knew it was necessary to avoid a discussion, but still hesitated to deceive Ram by lying. Calculatively worrying about his peers and deceiving others― disgusting. Naturally, that’s hard to swallow. Because that's how you get someone’s displeasure, because it means nothing to some extent.
 
Subaru: "That...... Everyone......."
 
Ram: "――It is useless to blame yourself so much, there is no point in pursuing what you are not responsible for... There should be something to give priority over wasting time like that."
 
However, before Subaru could speak his words of worry, Ram reached her own conclusion on Subaru's feelings. That being said, she had misread the expression of Subaru, who had a serious face. It was rare to see through Ram's heart with her erroneous words and actions, which was evidence that she was impatient. 
 
Ram: "Besides, we've already wasted time with Barusu’s vomiting."
 
Of course, Ram never displays such threatening behaviour of her own heart. Subaru was lost in judgment as to what to make of Ram’s attitude, who could be very stubborn. After that, Ram moved first without saying anything. While she wiped the finger which was thrusted into Subaru's mouth, she turned the lantern toward the back of the labyrinth.
 
Ram: "We can’t stay here, I need to be with Rem and... and we have to join up with Emilia-sama." 
 
Subaru: "I know....here, where is this place?"
 
Ram: "Besides Ram and Barusu, ah... it seems like you came back."
 
Ram turns back, and following her words and gaze, coming from the other side of the labyrinth were Anastasia and Patrasche with a shaking light, fluctuating and swaying. Subaru's eyes shook slightly, as he saw the jet black dragon mixed in the dark.
 
The glamorous and ferocious beautiful face that was illuminated by the flickering orange light.
A row of fangs like blades that could be seen in the closed mouth, crushed the girl's head, and even Subaru himself all of a sudden―.
 
Those things can’t happen normally.
 
Subaru: "Idiot, I am ... ... no, I'm stupid"
 
Clenching his teeth, Subaru tried to push back his fear. In that abnormal situation, the directed murderous intention couldn’t be real. For Subaru, the experience of being killed by Patrasche was carved into his heart as a scar that could not be healed. Still, Subaru should have repeatedly confronted the existence that killed him.
 
Subaru: “Yeah, even Rem and Ram, at first ....."
 
But now Ram and Rem, have become very close. Subaru remembered the dedicated support they gave him and forgave them. At first the relationship was at its worst, there were times when his life was targeted and he was deprived.
 
Compared to that, it’s a good thing that those previous events were not true.
 
Subaru: "Yes, that's right... that should be,"
 
He embraced his shoulders and grabbed his skin as if he was feeling the cold. In the basement of the sand sea, this place dominated by sand and darkness, it was certainly cold. However, the reason for feeling cold was different from that of outside.
 
Anastasia: "―Natsuki-kun, you seem to have woken up"
 
Ram:"―Thanks. So, how is the surrounding?"
 
In the front, Ram and Anastasia were talking. He should be able to find a balance between the strategy of this labyrinth of sand based on the information he got today. Originally, Subaru had blended in there and there were many things he had to say. But even now, the priority was to calm his mind and to stop the shaking of his knees. 
 
With "Returning by death", he should have left behind the events and impacts immediately before "death". But even if you try to quench it, fear emerges and the passion of that moment revives.
 
Subaru kept endlessly resisting to disperse those feelings.
 
Subaru: "――"
 
In such a state, Subaru was looking at the lonely jet-black earth dragon.
 
※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※
 
 
―The heart of Subaru which should have "Returned by death" has not returned to its original state.
 
Apart from such circumstances, the contents of the exploration of the four underground labyrinths time loops were almost identical.
 
In search of others, the group headed by Subaru slowly moved in the cold darkness. With the lantern lighting up a small area, the journey is slow and frustrating, while the rest of the roadside was drenched in shadows.
 
"――"
 
Truth be told, Subaru wants to omit the road selection. For Subaru, this had been the way he’d gone twice already. There was no way Emilia and the rest were strolling in the area that he could see. If it was said that it did not mean to appeal to two people at the back, omitting himself and not speaking up was impossible.
 
As a result, it was not even settled at all, and even as the frustrating march upped its pace, Subaru’s impatience only rose as time went by.
 
Anastasia: "Everyone else is probably okay... in our case, we’re just barely in luck to have Patrasche-chan here."
 
Subaru & Ram: "――――"
 
Anastasia: "If you think about a situation without any ride, it’s hell for men in this sand sea. Anxiety is normal due to insufficient battle strength..."
 
Subaru & Ram: "――――"
 
Anastasia: "At worst, I will not hesitate to make use of my trump card, but I'm afraid it will eat up Anastasia's lifetime. So let me rely on the two of you?"
 
Subaru & Ram: "――――"
 
Anastasia: "... .... Hey! Would both Natsuki-sama and Ram-san care to talk? Well, for a little while I am the only one talking."
 
As their exploration expanded, Anastasia chatted continuously as she indicated her crossness. Subaru stopped and looked back at her complaints about the silent environment. Anastasia then brightened up her face, taking a deep breath,
 
Subaru: "Well, we’ve run out of things to talk about... for now we are sort of desperate to find the other guys. I don't have time to chatter uselessly."
 
Anastasia: "There's no twaddle or anything. I'm talking to you about the future plan. And, it is usually Natsuki-kun's role that the chat continues. Only now, it is quiet, the two girls...... No, us four’s anxieties are going up."
 
Subaru: "Four, huh."
 
As Subaru pouts his lips, Anastasia doesn’t lose her will to fight.
The “two girls” referred to Ram and Anastasia, but if you rephrased them as four people it would be the result of adding Echidona and Patrasche. Strictly because of the Anastasia = Echidona state, it is a scene to paraphrase with three people― but it is not a problem to correct in the first place.
 
Subaru: "――"
 
Subaru thinks, narrowing his black eyes at Anastasia, who is puffing her cheeks. 
The real Anastasia is dormant, and only now she appeared as Scarf dona. Even so, her behavior had become so familiar, it seemed as if she had blended in. It is unfortunate that neither Subaru nor Ram held the initiative to see her true intentions from her expression or behavior.
 
―In the discord that culminated last time in killing each other, though the thing about Ram and Patrasche was conscious because of the enormity of the endings, Anastasi’s attitude was also discomforting.
 
Ram's enmity and Patrasche's attack, the two who apparently had gone crazy, were easy to understand.
However, it was hard to judge whether Anastasia had fallen into insanity at first sight, and he didn’t know what was in her mind until the last moment.
 
Of course, due to the difference in strength, Anastasia was killed by Ram, but the cunningness was not a thing to worry about, such as concealing a knife in an emergency bag or making a pretense to seize it. Normally, you have to be unconscious to be caught off guard and killed in a strange way.
 
Subaru: "......Do whatever."
 
――To think, have they always been hostile to him?
 
Subaru: "――"
 
Facing ahead, Subaru hit himself hiding from Ram and Anastasia.
His mouth was cut with just one punch without a miss, and he felt a sharp pain as his tongue tasted blood.

Then he would hurt himself to dispel the cloudiness of his consciousness.
 
Ram and Anastasia, they are not acting abnormally.
It was Subaru who was not able to let go of the abnormality now. 
 
Subaru: "Great, It's funny that I can't understand myself, just shivering"
 
Has he gone crazy or is everyone else insane?
 
Subaru had become a little haughty, so everything except him was wrong.
Ultimately, of course, it was all a mistake. Straying himself, Subaru arrogantly decided that he was right, acting like a fool denying the surroundings.
Finally, he was told that he was wrong, it was pointed out from the beginning that he could acknowledge it. It's an accurate, vivid memory...
 
However, the current Subaru acknowledges its abnormality in normalcy.
It's terrible not being able to tame the abnormality, so much that it's dreadfully horrible.
 
At this point, Subaru remembers. This desolate sensation in his heart, where the loneliness drives into craving madness. This was the horizon that the madman, Petelgeuse Romanee Conti had reached. Being aware of his own madness, recognizing his abnormality simply, this was the view that Madman saw.
 
Ram: "Barusu, what's wrong?"
 
While he was feeling disgusting empathy, Ram’s voice fell on trembling Subaru's back. Subaru swallowed the blood mixed with saliva and looked back at those two, acting like nothing happened. 
 
Subaru: "Nothing, just sand in my shoes makes me feel uncomfortable."
 
Ram: “Barusu being silent in particular, Ram's heart doesn’t care even a bit, but behind Anastasia-sama’s words, there is also a reason.”


Subaru: "What?"
 
Ram: "Even if it’s you who are silent, holding back something won’t ease a woman’s anxiety. If you want to do that, then hide it better."
 
Subaru: "――"
 
Subaru once again bends his lips to those words.
The meaning of Ram's words was obvious, it couldn’t be mistaken. Then he also noticed that Ram’s words were translations of Anastasia's hard to understand words. It seemed as if he was being seen through, and his heart rather began to scatter.
 
Subaru: "It's vague, I don’t think I can explain by saying it..."
 
Ram: "It is too bad that the meaning of Barusu's words are not understandable now. If you're worried about something, you should pay more attention to it.” 
 
Anastasia: "Ram-san is really an unforgiving opponent for Natsuki-kun."
 
Tutting at Subaru’s words, Ram’s usual sharp tongue strikes back. With bitterness and sharpness close to being poisonous, Anastasia gives a bitter smile. To Anastasia’s calm composure, Ram shrugged her shoulders,
 
Ram: "Please be relieved, Barusu is pretty happy, cause he’s a pervert who enjoys suffering."
 
Subaru: "What the hell are you talking about? Why on earth are you judging on what I am? Don’t turn me into a punching bag so freely, okay? you know? The only one you can hit, is a guy who's ready to hit you?"
 
Ram: "Hmph"
 
Snorting her nose, Ram’s attitude of making a fool out of a fool is almost her usual self.
Unlike Subaru's mood, her already being able to return to her self-indulgent self was envious. Enviously being envious or just hateful, he feels disgusted just thinking about her.
 
However, even though they are having the usual chit-chats, the color of disturbing shadows would soon be diluted.
 
Subaru: "Explaining something that is difficult to explain... I am just a little paranoid now."
 
"――"
 
When he said it again, it sounded more futile than he had imagined.
 
It’s also worth mentioning that Ram and Anastasia may act surprised in response to that.
 
"――"
 
Looking at it, Patrasche seemed to be somewhat amazed.
 
For Patrasche, who is clever and able to discern the reason behind things, it is possible that she sees Subaru as weak minded now. Rather, if she quits being with Subaru and starts serving a proper lord it would be way better for her.
Actually, he felt like even Ram and Anastasia were better at handling Patrasche. If she thinks that he was an obstacle for that, it is natural to peel her tusks into Subaru―
 
Subaru: "Stop, stop it..."


Anastasia: "I understand it was more serious than how stupid it sounded when put it into words."
 
Anastasia evaluates Subaru, who was staring at Patrasche and was gradually getting swayed. When it was realized that the reason was ridiculous, relief and anxiety simultaneously increased. It was like the girls had excluded Subaru from their choices... Before that happens, still―.
 
Subaru: "I, am a really bad person"
 
Anastasia: “This, perhaps it would be easier if we seriously tied him up and carried him, no?”
 
Turning his face red or making it pale, Anastasia threw a spoon at Subaru who was making faces. Ram curls her eyebrow thinking “However” about Anastasia's observation.
 
Ram: "Even if we do tie up Barusu’s hands and legs, it won’t be a fundamental solution."
 
Subaru: "Do not use such words that you might make an enemy out of me."
 
Ram: "It's not that of a big deal, but I don't want to turn Ram into an enemy of Emilia-sama and Beatrice-sama....... I won’t be able to face Rem again."
 
Thinking about Ram, Subaru struggles not to harbour any hostility against her. While fighting with such emotions, there was in fact a good thing.
 
In reality, that isn’t something to think about in this situation.
However, making a journey to explore the Pleiades Watchtower, in the labyrinth of sand twice going through "Return by death" till now, a question which has to be asked,
 
―When it comes to Rem, Ram reacts awfully sensitively.
 
Subaru: "――"
 
Of course for Subaru it’s a good sign that Ram cares about Rem.
For Rem, who is erased from everyone's memory other than Subaru, only Subaru has a bond with her. Although, it certainly brings a special feeling in Subaru, but it does not bring any meaning in a practical sense.
 
As for the isolated circumstances of Rem, Ram is trying to get closer to her family as much as possible.
Of course, no memory of Rem is left in her, that’s the sad fact he came to know over the past year. On the other hand, however, there is no doubt that Ram accepts the existence of another girl like herself, Rem, more heavily than "the truth informed by Subaru".
 
And apparently those feelings were so much so "that was beyond Subaru’s imagination", perhaps the actual feelings were being brought back to Ram.
 
That can be seen from the explosion of discontent in the previous labyrinth loop ― which triggered the outburst for Subaru's lack of consideration.
 
She could not remember. Yet, Ram’s feelings were comparable to what he could remember.
The feeling was deeper than what Subaru thought.
 
― But in reality, is it only that?
 
Ram: "... It’s unpleasant"
 
Subaru: "No, it's disgusting. Not even that. It’s damn paranoia!"
 
Ram: "Have you gotten yourself up on a pedestal? There's no use."
 
Subaru: "If I am on a pedestal, aren’t you taking yourself on a god-level pedestal and looking down on others?"


Thus, it is safe to say that the relationships have not changed from usual.
Even though the mood changes instantaneously and the warm feelings turn into cold hearted hostility.
Only at that time, you could hate someone.
 
Anastasia: "If you look carefully, Natsuki-kun’s behaviour....what should be the cause?"
 
Ram: "Did you also notice that Anastasia-sama?"
 
Anastasia: "Well, it seems that Natsuki-kun is obviously affected to some extent. I think."
 
Because of the circumstances, Subaru was being invaded by the paranoia of suspecting anything and everything, Ram and Anastasia looked at each other as if they were getting some hint. Rather, only Subaru knew the real reason. With both of their perceptions, they were becoming even more cautious. Alas, while speaking so, it was clear that Subaru's every move was being carefully observed to an extent that it was getting annoying.
 
Subaru: "Annoying......huh, how foolish."
 
Anastasia: "Did you say something?"
 
Subaru: "Just my stupidity. Therefore, what do you think?"
 
While puzzling the minds in their own sensitivity, Ram and Anastasia were also getting puzzled. Then, in response to Subaru's question, they turned ahead together.
Being lured by the development looking forward, they could definitely understand what he said.
 
―The crossroads have appeared in front of the eyes.
 
Anastasia: "I felt the disgusting wind flowing from a while ago, but... now I realized the source."
 
Ram: "This bad wind invokes discord. As Meili described it, Barusu’s body odor seems to summon demon beasts. And by nature, the affinity is bad... No, I wonder if it’s better."
 
Subaru: “Do you understand what this disgusting feeling is?”
 
Ram: "Barusu’s present condition and if Barusu’s body odor multiplies the factor by many times, the answer would be the same."
 
Subaru: "Don’t say body odor so many times!"
 
In the past two loops, they unanimously agreed on the subject of "bad feeling". Then, Subaru’s current physical condition and present circumstances were intertwined. Thus a different opinion was born.  
 
Ram and Anastasia looked at each other and nodded together,
 
Ram & Anastasia: "Miasma."
 
Subaru: "The Witch’s, huh. Then, going ahead would mean... "
 
Anastasia: "Though I'm not sure, it is a well-known fact that there is a "Witch's shrine" beyond the sand dunes. Oh, and since the sand sea distorsion is solvable, even if it was connected by some accident.....”


Ram: "It turned out to be an unexpected shortcut, or something like that. Therefore...” 
The miasma caused their souls to become corrupted and stirred up a discord that ended up in killing each other.
On top of that, the possibility of that statement’s existence,  Anastasia smiles bitterly and points at the way.
 
The crossroads splitting into two, miasma drifting from the right and the centaur’s nest on the left.
 
Of course, about the threats lurking in the left road, he intended to cleverly speak after this ― but for the time being, which way should they go?
 
Anastasia: "So, which way do you think is the right answer?"
 
At Anastasia's question, Subaru and Ram looked away from each other.
But their voices had joined together unintentionally when said.
 
Subaru & Ram: "―Left"
 
That was the case.



Chapter 17
The『Non-Combatant』Team unanimously opted to take the left path in the fork.  
It was evident that if they progressed down the right path, they’d end up being swallowed up by the miasma, resulting in discord arising that would develop into them killing each other. That’s why there was no mistake in that choosing the left path was the most natural thing. 
That, and for Subaru, the questions were providing him answers too. Though, since the left path wasn’t exactly a safe bet either, the one who was setting him those questions was of ill nature. 
If he labelled the right path as an emotional snare, then he’d have to label what awaited them on the left path as a physical snare. That grotesque Witchbeast clad in flames―― He would prefer to avoid meeting the Centaur, if possible. 
Even if he engaged in battle with it, his odds of success were slim, that much was obvious. Their difference in strength wasn’t the only issue. The reason being that when the time came to encounter the Witchbeast in his current emotional state, he didn’t hold any belief in himself about whether he could fight alongside Ram and Anastasia. 
Subaru:「To tell you the truth, there was a time back at the sand dunes where I saw a damn weird Witchbeast in the distance. It had a human body sprouting up from the neck of a body that looked like Patrasche’s, and it had a huge mouth gaping from abdomen to chest there. And finally, a huge horn sprouted up from its human body, where the head should be……」
Anastasia:「Eeeh…. What the hell. That’s soo gross…..」
Ram:「Honestly, that’s so off-putting.」
They followed the same flow of Witchbeast-related talk as last time in which he naturally included his explanation about the Centaur’s particularities. The reactions from the two female members of the group in response to his description―― Three, including Patrasche, were once again unpleasant.   
It’s not as if Subaru wanted to give this explanation because he wanted to. Nevertheless, he had to consider that there was a 70% chance that they wouldn’t be able to avoid an encounter with that thing now that they were going down the left path.  
Subaru:「I’d expected all of you to be charmed by it, but in any case, it definitely seems like a dangerous creature. For the time being, I’ll go ahead and call it a Centaur, but it ain’t just that its appearance looks disgusting, the mane on the back of its body burns up into flame…. It seemed crazy strong. To say the least, it doesn’t seem like we’d be able to beat it.」
Ram:「Why did you ignore a Witchbeast like that after spotting it? Do you have a death wish?」
Subaru:「Aaah?」
He had explained it whilst keeping his emotions from billowing out as much as he could, however anger had welled up in him the moment Ram had replied in her usual frivolous manner. Despite him having expressly warned her, who did she think she was?  
She always arrogantly looked down on others, thinking that, he felt his anger morphing into hatred. Subaru took a deep breath. He did everything he could to keep his violent emotions in check, to settle himself down. 
Subaru:「Damn this…..! This place is the worst.」
Ram:「It sure is demanding, isn’t it? Even I have to pay attention to the words I choose.」
Subaru:「If you’re going to choose them now, then you know, perhaps, they ain’t gonna make anything better」
Both Ram’s voice and expression were tinged with sympathy for Subaru who was overwhelmed by his emotions. However, as her sympathetic attitude kept irritating him, he had to say that what she’d done too had ended up producing the opposite effect. 
Anastasia:「It’s easy ta talk about the effects of the miasma, but that’s all that’s scary about it, don’tcha think? In reality, me ‘n Ram-san ain’t affected.」
Subaru:「What do you mean by that? If you’re thinking flowery thoughts like only we will be okay, then you’d better stop. If we scratch off the surface, me and you are the same.」
Anastasia:「What haaarsh words. I didn’ mean that even I’ve got that much self-confidence. One’s capacity for judgemen’ and determination, and so on, are different issues ta the strength of one’s mind and body……. Hooowever, goin’ about it like yer completely paralysed by the scariness of the miasma is pretty bad, don’tcha think?」
Anastasia offered her candid advice to him, phrased with an air of superiority. Though her words were rational, Subaru grew irritated that she hadn’t gotten the point. Standing at the head of the group, Subaru had pressed his prior point to her as he marched on through the passageway of sand.    
On hearing that, Anastasia cleared her throat with a small Hem-hem, and said,
Anastasia:「What I have to say is related to the miasma…..Though since it’s not like even I know too well about it, can ya forgive me if what I say is gonna be rough?」
Subaru:「I imagine the only ones who really know all the details about it are the Witch Cult, right?」
Anastasia:「Indeed, but in the world, there’s also the kinda people who like ta poke into things which people despise. For example, there’s the weirdos who go aroun’ studyin’ stuff like miasma, eh? Though, what I know about it is somethin’ which barely resembles the truth from a rumour of a rumour of a rumour.」
Was what Anastasia had brought up surmised to be a Witch Researcher?  
It had a strange ring to it, but it would be pretty silly to presume they didn’t exist, if he thought about it. 
This world likely had people like researchers too. And of course, all such individuals who possessed this thirst for knowledge would rationally avoid searching for taboos and keep in line with the flow of the world――No, there was no way they’d have such an upright, pious nature. 
There would be incarnations of curiousity who wouldn’t fit in with the mould, whatever world or era it may be. 
Anastasia:「Though before I dive straight inta what I know from that rumour, we hafta ask first of all, what is『Miasma』?」
Ram:「It’s…… the contaminated mana which the Witch and Witchbeasts let off, right? I’ve also heard that Witch Cultists let off the same thing like that.」
Anastasia:「Ram-san’s answer is the prevailin’ view. The miasma’s somethin’ which the Witch gives off, so even the Witchbeasts which were created by the Witch emit it in a similar fashion….. However, have ya heard of this?」
Ram:「――――」
Anastasia:「Have ya heard that Witch Cultists ‘n Witchbeasts in fact really detest each other.」
Anastasia = Eridna spoke without pause. Knowing what the creator was like, they were fond of flaunting off their own knowledge, perhaps. It looked like Anastasia’s gilded plate had been torn off and underneath it, the white fox’s true nature had showed through. 
Ram’s eyes widened at Anastasia’s words, in stark contrast to Subaru, who had harboured that impression. Both Witchbeasts and Witch Cultists were creatures that she thought were leal to the『Witch of Envy.』Perhaps she was surprised to learn that in the truth they didn’t get along.  
Ram:「I can barely bring myself to believe that… But, is this for real?」
Anastasia:「Unfortunately, I don’t know for sure since I ain’t acquainted with either any Witch Cultists or Witchbeasts. That’s why I introduced it as somethin’ from a rumour. But, don’t ya think it’d be interestin’ if this was a true story?」
Subaru:「Interesting……?」
Subaru responded, having gotten the impression that she shouldn’t have described it that way to begin with. Anastasia replied to him with a curt nod, saying「Mhm」
Anastasia:「Everyone in the world thinks that the『Witch』’n the Witch Cultists ‘n the Witchbeasts are good friends, right? ‘N yet, it ain’t known that in fact, the two of ‘em under the Witch are hostile with each other. This misunderstandin’ has gone on overlooked for 400 years…… No one knows the actual truth. 」
Ram:「Surely that’s……」
Anastasia:「I apologise for bringin’ this rumour forward too, but it seems like there’s many misconceptions about the miasma too. For example, the relation between the Witchbeasts and the miasma is the exact opposite than what is known, in that the Witchbeasts loathe it. ‘N it’s said that they hate the Witch in their true feelin’s as well.」
Ram:「――No way could it be like that」
Ram kept piling Anastasia with her doubts, drawn in by her story. Behind the two of them immersed in this exchange, Subaru grasped that Anastasia = Eridna’s words were substantiated by a rather undeniable factor.  
The relations between Witches and Witchbeasts were in fact poor, and Witchbeasts do hate the Witch. 
That possibility made complete sense to him, considering how much he’d made use of the 『The Witch’s Lingering Scent』until now. If it wasn’t like that, then why would it have made the Witchbeasts seethe so much, making them frantically pursue him, who was covered in the Witch’s Scent.  
He had used his lingering scent against the first Witchbeast Invasion after he had been summoned to this parallel world. And he’d even used it against the White Whale. It was impossible to disregard the relatedness between the Witch’s Lingering Scent and the miasma if he gathered all the evidence he’d seen up until now.
――『The Witch’s Lingering Scent』that surrounded him seemed to be miasma itself. 
Subaru:「There’s no way that all of these Witchbeasts would have Petelegeuse-like yandere attributes. He wouldn’t be able to allow the Witch’s scent from these creatures, other than from the Witch. It’d be like having another woman’s scent.」
It was disgusting to think about, if that was the case, but the aforementioned possibility was suitable in regards to a logical explanation. In other words, the Witchbeasts hated the Witch’s miasma and strongly looked on at it in hostility. 
And to start with, most people shouldn’t know that the theory which stated that『The Witch of Envy』created the Witchbeasts was actually incorrect. 
The one who created the Witchbeasts wasn’t『The Witch of Envy』but rather『The Witch of Gluttony.』
Since that hadn’t been circulated around, it seemed like nobody noticed the relations between the Witchbeasts and the miasma as well. Anastasia’s source of knowledge―― Rather, he didn’t know whether there really was a researcher who studied the『Witch』but if they did exist, they sure did make a good point.  
Subaru:「……What a complete farce, huh?」
Subaru sighed at his own lack of concern, having thought about it to this extent. It was more natural to think that she’d just spewed out the knowledge that Anastasia = Eridna had known from the start, rather than doubting whether said researcher existed or not. When Subaru’s train of thought moved to that, a different form of anger gradually started to take root in him.   
Why did Subaru have to hide the circumstances around Anastasia being Eridna like this? There was his consideration towards Julius and the『Iron Fang.』In particular, Julius in his current state had completely slipped out from the memories of the world. 
Julius tried to act his same old self as much as he could, but even in him, there was a part that was careless about it. Taking that into consideration, Subaru had decided that he should avoid any extra mental burdens. 
He should avoid them, but why was it that he had to bear the burden instead? 
Subaru:「――――」
Everybody was selfish.
Why was it just him who had to do everything to cover those guys’ asses? 
It was irritating. It was annoying. He might as well just spill the beans about everything, shouldn’t he? He might as well tell them about Anastasia’s spirit, his『Return by Death』, everything――.
Ram:「……Barusu. Stop sticking your head in the sand all of a sudden, it’s strange.」
Subaru:「It’s just my natural defensive reaction to stop our relations from getting any worse. Phaaah.」
Since Subaru’s anger was reaching its boiling point, he had stuck his face into the wall of sand before he hurled abuse at them. The wall of sand was unexpectedly brittle, and it appeared like he’d be able to dig through it with his hands.
In return for finding that out, Subaru spat out sand from his mouth. There was something to think about in Ram’s cold expression, but since he was responsible for his own actions, he kept any retaliation to himself. 
Anastasia:「Could Natsuki-kun’s eccentric behaviour also be from the miasma’s influence….. perhaps?」
Ram:「Nope, Barusu’s behaviour is as usual.」
Subaru:「It ain’t as usual! It’s just an aftershock from the miasma’s influence!」
Anastasia:「Well, regardin’ the authenticity of things there, if we get back to what we were talkin’ about whilst ya were cryin’ out…. The Witchbeasts in truth hate the Witch. If we presume that, then there’s gotta be an explanation for the Witch Cultists ‘n the Witchbeasts bein’ hostile with each other, no?」
Anastasia, who deliberately found a lull in their conversation to shift the topic back to the main point, ponderously inclined her head. However, Subaru’s like-minded opinion didn’t reach her words. Instead, Ram nodded, and said,   
Ram:「Whether they’re hostile with each other or not, I’ve never heard….. of the two of them acting together. To begin with, there’s also that rumours of the Witch Cult don’t spread.」
Subaru:「I see…..Then it’s really the type of secret organisation where those guys keep it hidden and move about in secret. I wonder why they don’t leave any impressions at all, though.」
Ram:「Barusu and Emilia-sama come across those guys far too often.」
All the Witch Cultists which Subaru knew strongly craved the limelight, and were absorbed in an inflated sense of their own self-worth. He couldn’t even say that Petelgeuse’s movements had been kept surreptitious, and what’s more, the other Sin Archbishops had went all the way up to making a broadcast after having hijacked one of the Great Cities. 
How could those guys claim that they were an evil organisation that operated in the shadows?
Subaru:「Ah, but wait up. What about the White Whale? That thing was cooperating with the Witch Cult……Though now it’s a bit suspicious whether it was or not, there was still that time.」
Anastasia:「Hmm? Even though I know that the Witchbeasts definitely do hate the Witch Cult, I’m not too sure whether the Witch Cult hate the Witchbeasts……Though, either way, even if it’s not like that, I ain’t gonna fuss over it.」
Subaru:「That’s what I’d told you..….」
Providing a suitable rebuttal to Subaru’s objection, Anastasia threw down her personal opinion straight away. That she didn’t cling to it was perhaps indeed proof that she’d heard it from the rumours of another’s opinion. 
However, she’d thoroughly used it as the basis of her conversation. In the end, Anastasia closed one of her eyes, and said:
Anastasia:「In the end, we can just put it as that we don’ understand the connection between the miasma well. There’s also the way Ram-san looks at it, in which it’s like contaminated mana…..But, well, doesn’ it seem like there’s no one aroun’ who can explain what goes on for the mana to get contaminated like that?」
Ram:「――――」
Anastasia:「Mana is mana, regardless of whose body it goes through. Even if its nature changes in magic or when ya craft with it, it ain’t possible for anyone to add a lil’ extra to the mana itself.」
Subaru:「That’s…..」
Anastasia:「Why is it that the mana can jus’ get contaminated with the『Witch of Envy?』And also, why da heck do Witch Cultists acclimatise to that contaminated mana?」
Quite unusually, Ram kept her mouth shut as Anastasia launched this barrage of questions. It was rather strange that she didn’t raise any words of objection and kept silent. At the same time, Subaru was experiencing a sense of déjà vu along with his feeling of revulsion.
The way she had presented it made both her point and conclusion vague. Everything about her attitude felt like she was speaking in riddles. That she seemed to overlap with Echidna left him quite the sour taste.
Anastasia:「Alright, alright, alright, it seems like we’ve spent too much time idly gossipin’, don’tcha think?」
Anastasia suddenly spoke out without any consideration for Ram’s silence or Subaru’s cathexis. The tone she’d been speaking in up until now suddenly changed, leaving them behind with the abrupt change of subject. Leaving the two of them in her wake, Anastasia shone her lantern at the front part of the passageway. Subaru also stopped in his tracks, imitating her. And as he held his lantern up, he noticed what was up. 
Subaru:「――――」
In front of them, the passageway gradually turned to the left, and a faint breeze blew towards them. The wall of sand still hadn’t changed in any respect, but he vividly remembered that『Smell of Burning』that mingled with the breeze, along with that sudden bend in the path.    
Ram:「It smells like something burnt, like grilled meat, doesn’t it?」
Ram let out her candid impressions about the breeze which carried a tinge of hot-air to it. The smell of over-cooked, charred flesh streamed in from the depths of the passageway. Maybe it was possible that this aroma was proof that there was someone cooking, and that they’d be able to meet a friend party up ahead ――However well-intentioned his thoughts were, they were tantamount to ignorance. 
Ram:「Emilia-sama and the others carelessly set up a fire and are taking a break….. I think something along those lines?」
Subaru:「I do agree that Emilia would be the one that’d seemingly set up a fire without any care, but with me mentioning the Centaur, I can’t at all imagine it being that. You too have to believe that this isn’t your head filling up with overly optimistic thoughts, right!?」
Ram:「I’m looking forward to how you’re going to come up with excuses for all these reckless remarks after the influence of the miasma is gone.」
Everytime he replied in a snappier manner than was necessary to Ram’s questions, he’d get toxicity scathingly thrown back from her too. Letting out a snort to that, Subaru reassured himself that the one he needed to turn his hostility to was not her. 
There was no doubt about that, considering they’d already made it here. There would be a large cave up ahead, and right there, the blasphemous Witchbeast clad in flame would be awaiting them. 
The time they’d spent getting here seemed to be a little quicker compared to last time. Nevertheless, considering that they were going to encounter it, perhaps that place was the Witchbeast’s burrow. He held no fleeting traces of hope that it would’ve moved from there. If possible, they would have to――
Subaru:「We’ve got no choice but to kill it to get past, huh?」
Ram:「I think it’d be productive of us to come up with a plan that can be put into motion with our current fighting strength.」
Anastasia:「We ain’t got any fightin’ strength even if I use my trump card…..and even then, I want ta keep that gruellin’ thing as a last resort if possible, since I can’t undo its effects.」
Both Anastasia and Ram opposed Subaru’s course of action. Though Subaru was annoyed that he’d been denied, even he had no intention of pushing his own opinion on them. In fact, it would be absurd. He hadn’t dubbed their group as the『Non-Combatant』Team for nothing. All the choices which entailed confronting the Witchbeast would probably end up being reckless.
Subaru:「On the other hand, there’s no way we can go back and take the right path.」
Ram:「After looking at all the different faces you’ve made up till now, Barusu, I can see that you wouldn’t have the guts to go down the right path, isn’t that right?」
Anastasia:「But, by sayin’ that it means we’re cornered. It wouldn’ work ta do such a laudable thing as ta go back to where we started from ‘n wait for the others to come look for us……. Right?」
Ignoring Ram’s flippant reply, Anastasia’s reply hit the nail on the head. If he still feared the Witchbeast enough to turn back, then he should have resorted to spinning those words from the beginning and stopping back there. Since he hadn’t, his conclusion had left him with just the option of passing by the Witchbeast. 
Thus, that didn’t mean they couldn’t find a way to accomplish that.
Subaru:「First things first, we need to gather information on our opponent. If everything goes to plan, we have a chance.」
Subaru spoke out, reaching a conclusion before the other two, who were puzzling over a plan, did. 

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
――Subaru hardly knew anything anything about the Centaur Witchbeast’s mode of life.
That was due to the fact that he’d come across it for only a few dozen seconds before being burnt alive. All that remained pitifully carved into his soul from that experience was that its grotesque-looking figure made him feel sick to the core, and that it had tremendous firepower. If he briefly thought about it, his manner of death had been such that it felt unavoidable to perceive it as anything other than having been a death in vain. 
However, it’d be bothersome if he got worked up about it over that. When it came to unexpected『Deaths』Natsuki Subaru was a veteran. By now, he’d cultivated enough experience to not treat the phenomenon of 『Death』 as just 『Death』.
Subaru:「First of all, we need to pay attention to the Centaur’s appearance.」
Its repulsive appearance was something which you couldn’t forget once seen. Though he’d seen it only for a few seconds, its grotesque appearance was seared vividly into his mind. That would give him a helping hand in his reflection.  
It had a human body on top of a horse body, with its head transformed into a horn. In addition to that, it had a gaping maw across its body. It looked shoddy, like something half-assed a child would have made out of clay whilst playing. However, there was something he’d taken notice of when he racked his brain without averting his eyes from his memories.  
Subaru:「It definitely didn’t have eyes.」
In essence, it didn’t have a head in the place where you’d usually find one. Thus, he was certain that there hadn’t been any organs on that Witchbeast’s body that provided it with a sense of vision. 
Or, since there was no light down in the cave systems underneath the sand dunes without being in possession of a lantern, perhaps the negative effects of moving about down there had caused it to de-evolve.
Subaru:「Something like a mole? It adapted to living underground and lost its eyesight.」
Or, he wasn’t sure whether it had an eyesight to begin with; but at least that Witchbeast probably didn’t rely on it and went on about its business without it. Back then, the Witchbeast didn’t seem to have noticed him due to the lantern light. It  had noticed him from the noises and indications he’d let off from his own carelessness.   
Namely, from either a sense of smell or hearing which the Witchbeast would have developed instead of eyes. 
Subaru:「If I’m recalling correctly, I once heard that moles have a good sense of hearing to make up for their rather poor noses.」
It wasn’t something he’d heard from Anastasia earlier, but rather surely some odd knowledge he’d picked up somewhere. However, Subaru’s guess ended up far more useful than what he clung to in his groundless thoughts. The Centaur’s forte was in its sense of hearing; having come to that conclusion, Subaru sprung into action. 
Thus…
Subaru:「――――」
Without uttering a single word, Subaru swung his arm up and down as quietly as he could. From the moment he’d stepped onto the sand, he’d taken care so that his footsteps wouldn’t make any sound from crunching against the sand. 
The thing he’d thrown from the extremity of his arm was one of the flasks of water that they’d put in their survival kit. Without any particular aim, the flask flew straight forward to the end of the large cave―― Drawing the attention of the fiery Witchbeast in the middle of the cave to where it had landed.
Centaur:「――――ϡ ϡ !!」
As soon as the flask of water landed on the sand with a quiet clunk, the reaction of the Centaur, who heard it, was dramatic. Shaking its blazing mane, the Witchbeast leapt up with its horse body and galloped forward to the source of the sound. It ferociously rammed its body there with no trace of hesitation. 
Centaur:「――――ϡ ϡ!!」
Sand billowed up, and flickering sparks flew about around the cave. Thrashing about violently, the Centaur skidded around. It gnashed the fangs inside its huge gaping maw together and continued to let out a shrill yowl which sounded like the cries of countless babies crying.
It stamped on the flask of water, crushing it flat, and set it aflame over and over again. Once the Centaur reduced its original shape to nothing, it let off more flames which were brimming from its mane onto the sand. And when everything other than the parched sand had been burned to a crisp, the Witchbeast stopped in its tracks with a hint of satisfaction. 
It did seem to look satisfied. Whilst looking at its handiwork from the corner of his eye, Subaru shook the string he had attached to his waist and motioned them forward. The sound of them carefully stepping on the sand was drowned out by the shrill cries of the Witchbeast that permeated all across the cave. Taking absolute care with each step, they crept on forward one step at a time――
「――――」
Subaru tugged at his string, indicating a halt to their march, stopping his advancing Earth Dragon in its tracks. To his surprise, the Earth Dragon, who shouldn’t have been able to understand human speech, had faithfully followed his instructions. It had slowly trodden along the sand with a prudent gait that was not befitting of its large build. 
―― Subaru and the others were conducting a march along the precipice of death in the cave that was coated in darkness.
Come to think of it, the width of the cave was probably around the size of a school gym, or thereabouts. They were in an area where the charred corpses of the creatures that had been incinerated by the Witchbeast had fallen just about everywhere. 
Subaru and the others were trying to move across and get past the Witchbeast by trying to silence their footsteps and breathing.  
「――――」
The area wasn’t such that only quietude like that of the grave would descend upon. The Centaur’s ridiculously large maw was panting wildly over and over again. The sound felt like the awkward sort you’d get from air coming out of a balloon.
It wasn’t just its appearance, but also its behaviour that was repulsive―― Nevertheless, he was thankful that it was behaving so plainly right now. Thanks to that, he’d managed to come up with a plan that wouldn’t involve fighting. 
「――――」
Once again, Subaru took out another flask of water and threw it behind the Centaur. The simple-minded Witchbeast reacted to that sound and once again fiercely assailed the empty flask.
Flames and the cries of babies permeated the cave, and the flask of water burst open thanks to the Centaur’s immense heat. With a parched sound, the flask turned to black charcoal. 
Regardless of that kerfuffle, Subaru and the others moved forward and managed to shorten their distance to the passageway during that time. 
――This simple diversion was the conclusion Subaru had reached from observing the Centaur’s mode of life.
Having deemed that it didn’t have an eyesight, Subaru determined that the Centaur relied on its sense of hearing. Leaving Ram and Anastasia behind him, he’d attracted the Witchbeast’s attention by using the same method of throwing stuff. He’d repeated this demonstration a few times until he won over their confidence.  
The Centaur was a Witchbeast that sought its prey using its sense of hearing. And on top of that, it was a simple-minded creature that could be tricked a bunch of times with the same method. 
So long as he’d been able to ascertain that, the rest came easy. He’d made Ram gather the items for the diversion as well as made her read where the exit was using the wind, for after they made their escape past the Witchbeast. After that, he’d scrupulously told Patrasche about their covert plan, and the need to keep a strong heart so not to succumb to stress or anxiety, and to just put her game face on. 
「――――」
In actuality, Subaru’s tactics were working really well to the point that it felt anti-climatic. The distance between the cave and the passageway had already been half-cleared, and the time they’d spent stressing wasn’t all that much. Since it had no capacity for intuition, the Witchbeast would probably be clearable by repeating the same thing over and over.  
「――――」
Of course, they had dropped the lantern-light, and the only thing they could see was the Centaur’s blazing mane that was crackling in the distance.   
The lantern-light likely wouldn’t have affected the sightless Witchbest, but still, they’d made the bourgeois decision of narrowing down anything which could trigger its senses as much as they could.  
「――――」
Feeling the string being pulled, Subaru’s attention, which had wandered off in thought, was brought back to the present. He was holding two strings as he put the diversion into effect. One of them was fastened to Patrasche, whilst the other was held by Ram who was riding on her.
The instructions he’d set to Patrasche were “Stop” and “Go”. However, its connection between him and Ram hadn’t been particularly well stipulated. It was just there to get each others attention.  
Even so, their connection using the string that merely conveyed their presence, without being able to look face to face or exchange words, was something that settled Subaru down a rather surprising amount.
Having this for now made it so that Subaru wouldn’t bear any ill feelings towards Anastasia or Ram. He was in a state of mind where it felt easier for him to not look at someone else’s face. 
On the other hand, it didn’t mean that there wasn’t any anxiety in his heart, which had grown at ease to such solitude. Subaru had convinced himself that it was partially due to the miasma’s influence―― However, many parts of the story which Anastasia had told them earlier regarding “What Miasma is” had become cloudy. 
Would he be cured from its effects when they left this place? In truth, that also felt doubtful now. 
Supposing he wasn’t cured from it, would he end up being unable to get rid of these unpleasant feelings even when he met Emilia and Beatrice…
Subaru:「――!?」
The string was suddenly pulled with strength, causing Subaru to unintentionally pitch back. The string that had been pulled was the one that was fastened to Patrasche. The Earth Dragon had made a snap decision to stop him by force. 
And right as he lifted his face up, he immediately saw why――
Subaru:「――ukh」
A clump of fire hurled past a step ahead of Subaru. The clump of fire was approximately the same size of a football, but it hurtled past spraying waves of heat to its surroundings. It crashed against a wall of sand a few metres away, letting out a violent booming noise, followed by an explosion.  
A hot wind gusted out that scorched Subaru’s cold body; he barely managed to stop himself from screaming. 
It would definitely have landed a direct hit if Patrasche hadn’t stopped him. He didn’t know whether it had enough power to kill him, but he was sure that it had enough firepower to injure him. Subaru gritted his teeth realising that he’d barely escaped with his life as a shiver ran down his spine. 
Why had the fireball been thrown at him? 
Subaru:「――――」
Subaru reflexively turned to look behind him. The Centaur should have been deceived by his diversion, and should have been messing around with the water flask on the other side of the cave. However, the Witchbeast now had turned its horned head to where they were, snarling.     
Just like it knew that Subaru and the others were standing there. 
Subaru:「――――」
No way could that be it, Subaru shook his head. 
Subaru unfastened a water flask from his waist and took hold of it so he could set up the diversion again. The string which connected him with Ram was constantly being tugged, calling him, but he took no note of it. His highest priority now was to lure the Witchbeast’s attention away from them. 
He swung up the flask of water into an arc and threw it far to the left of the Centaur, where it dropped onto the sand. And just as he’d expected, the Witchbeast’s attention turned to that spot and the clumsy beast was attracted to the obvious diversion. 
Once again, flames gushed out and the lament of crying babies echoed out. And whilst the shrill echo reverberated across the cave, Subaru urged Patrasche onwards towards the exit.
They just had to keep repeating this predetermined routine over and over again. With just that, they ought to be able to break past, however――
Subaru:「――hk!」
Once again, the fireball thrown by the Centaur hurtled past next to where Subaru was walking. It had gotten even closer than last time, with the shot being so accurate as to graze his skin. 
Subaru’s breath was instantly taken away from him by the fireball’s explosion, and he was buffeted by the wave of heat. 
Subaru:「――――」
Bathed in the illumination of the newborn orange lightsource ahead of him, Subaru locked eyes with the Witchbeast in the distance. Their eyes didn’t actually meet, through, so saying they locked eyes wasn’t quite right.
However, the Witchbeast’s attention was clearly focused this way. The Witchbeast had no way to track them except by sound, so why was it able to find them in the middle of its own cry――
Subaru:「It’s own… cry…」
Ram:「Barusu, the echo…」
As the question and answer came together in Subaru’s mind, Ram, who was still pulling the string, finally called to him and made a sound. At the moment they both came to the same conclusion, the Centaur kicked the sand.
Its hooves kicked the surface of the sand, and the Witchbeast, which was so large they had to look upwards at it, flew lightly through the chilly air. The heat of its blazing mane increased as it moved, and all at once was streaking towards Subaru’s group.
The human torso attached to the horse’s body raised its arms, and pulled away pieces of its own flaming mane. While held in its hands, those pieces changed into balls of fire, and after the blink of an eye, became explosive flaming bullets.
Subaru:「…! Runrunrunrun!!」
At this point, avoiding a fight with the Centaur was no longer possible.
Discarding the plan to move with as little noise as possible, Subaru slapped Patrasche’s haunches, ordering her to run immediately to the corridor.
Subaru’s group was currently in the exact center of the cave, far from both the corridor they entered from, and the one they were moving towards; a position so advantageous for the Centaur that it seemed likely this had been the Witchbeast’s plan.
Subaru:「Was it playing about with us…!?」
Ram:「……!」
Subaru’s mind froze in amazement, but the Witchbeast didn’t let up. Hurling the fireballs as it created them, the Centaur blew clouds of sand into the air around its fleeing targets, as if playing with them.
The Witchbeast had expected that they would run straight for the corridor. Having said that, even if they tried running a zigzag course to confuse it, its hearing captured every sound, and wouldn’t fall for such a trick.
Subaru:「Woah!  Wah!」
Grazing their lowered heads, the fireballs were thrown one after another.
Out of sight, the Witchbeast ran circles around them as they fled, not letting up with its explosive barrage, hurling bursts of sand into the air.
Subaru:「Gah――!?」
The heatwave of an explosion at his feet lifted Subaru easily into the air, and sent him flying.
He quickly protected his head with both arms, but the rush of hot air burned the inside of his nose and throat. Breathing was painful, and with the inside of his nose scorched, he temporarily lost his sense of smell.
He rolled on the ground from the agony in the center of his face, then raised his teary-eyed face.
The mouth in the Centaur’s torso was open wide, and the toothy maw was emitting an ear-splitting noise, almost looking like it was laughing. No, it was actually laughing.
Laughing at the weak human plaything, that couldn’t even win a battle of wits with a Witchbeast.
Subaru:「Damnit, argh…!」
Hatred boiled in him, and gave Subaru the strength to stand.
Compared to suspicions and mistrust, what a wonderfully healthy feeling it was to hate the vermin that opposed him. As he was swallowed up in a blackness of distilled fury, Subaru snorted at the Witchbeast that looked so pleased with itself.
Acting like it had won was laughable.
How could a lowly miasma-hating Witchbeast think it could ever hope to beat Natsuki Subaru?
Subaru:「――――」
Putting a hand to his waist, he took out his whip.
Letting his hand remember the feel of the handle, he lightly flicked the sand with the end of the whip; the Centaur immediately stopped its roaring laughter, and intently turned its ears towards the crack of the whip.
Most likely, it was the first time it had ever heard that sound.
However, that wasn’t Subaru’s real plan. The whip was nothing more than a diversion.
Subaru:「――Invisible Providence」
In response to the Witchbeast’s violence, a roiling, seething black emotion formed in Subaru’s heart.
Given direction, it turned into strength to tear the Centaur limb from limb. Using it this way made him look like a one-trick pony, but he didn’t care. It was a trick that would work on anyone.
Subaru:「――」
Swinging the whip above his head, he let the Witchbeast listen to the sound of it splitting the air.
Taking care not to alert the Centaur, which was paying close attention to the first sound, the invisible magic hand advanced like it was slipping through the darkness, infiltrating the Witchbeast’s shadow, aiming for the horn atop its human torso.
Between the human body and the horse body, he couldn’t tell which one had vital organs. With its head being a horn, if there was a brain stuffed inside it or not was a mystery. Despite that, there had to be a vital organ of some kind inside. With that decided, he would crush the horn in the palm of his invisible hand.
If the loss of the horn happened to make the Witchbeast obedient, he’d simply have it kill itself.  That would be much more pleasant…
Subaru:「…!?  Gu… agh… Gah!?」
With that thought, it happened just as he was about to carry out his plan.
Focusing on the Centaur, his『Unseen Hand』reaching for its head, Subaru’s own head was filled with a burst of unimaginable pain.  Feeling as though something had stripped away his scalp and was drilling directly into his skull, his eyes rolled back and yellow foam frothed from his lips as he fell to his knees.
Subaru:「Gah…ah!? Guh…Agh!!」
Bringing both hands to his head as he knelt, he struck himself on the side of the head to try and fight off the pain. Rubbing his head, holding his head, nothing else helped with the pain. To fight the pain, he tried to inflict a sharper, stronger pain. He struck himself again, and again, but no matter how hard he hit himself, he couldn’t overcome the pain.
He rolled on the sand while his head felt like a hell full of thorns piercing his brain, and nearly fainting from pain, he ended up swallowing sand without understanding why.
Subaru:「It hurts! Augh! It hurts it hurts it hurts! It hurts!」
He shouted like he was spitting blood.
With a mouth full of sand, chewing it with his back teeth, Subaru thrashed on the ground, fighting against the mysterious pain to keep it from blocking his throat. He couldn’t fight it, he was losing.
Of course, Invisible Providence had vanished instantly.
With that dispersed, he had no way of affecting the Centaur. The Witchbeast, as though disappointed with his lack of resistance, prepared to turn him into a smoking corpse.
A huge ball of flame drove away the chill in the air as the explosive heat warmed the world around them.
Just like that, Natsuki Subaru would be changed into charcoal…
Patracshe:「――――ϡ !」
At the last moment, the jet-black Earth Dragon charged in fiercely, tearing away the Witchbeast’s arm.
Patrasche:「――――」
With a body colour that blended into the darkness, the Earth Dragon had soundlessly approached the Witchbeast, and landed a biting attack. Losing its balance along with its arm, the Witchbeast dropped the fireball it had raised above its own head.
In other words, the heat of the fireball the Witchbeast had created exploded at its own feet, and the point-blank blast wave blew it into the air.
As it was thrown away by the explosion, blood dripped from the Centaur’s wounded arm, and it fell over on its back. Without sparing it a glance, Patrasche sprinted over the sand, and, holding Subaru’s clothing with her teeth as he thrashed in pain, she immediately began a sprinting retreat.
Held by Patrasche’s teeth near his waist, swinging left and right as he dangled, tormented by poor circulation and the continuing headache, Subaru looked behind him.
Behind Patrasche, the Centaur unsteadily rose to its feet.
The wound on its human torso foamed, and the left arm that had been bitten off grew back in an instant. Its monstrous regeneration ability was at work on its other injuries as well. The wounds all over its body, inflicted by the explosion moments ago, closed one after another. The Centaur returned to full health in a matter of seconds.
With that done, there was nothing left to slow it down.
Screaming viciously at Patrasche, who had struck it by surprise, the Centaur sped up to pursue the madly fleeing Earth Dragon, and its mane blazed brighter as it leapt.
Patrasche’s running ability was impressive in even the worst terrain, but the Centaur’s was in its own habitat, and its acceleration was a step ahead. Along with their difference in size, Patrasche was weighed down by Subaru, and the Witchbeast was soon running side by side with her.
A burning fireball appeared in the Witchbeast’s hand, but this one was stretched tall. Looking closer, the fireball changed in the Witchbeast’s hand to a long-handled weapon, and in the blink of an eye, it had become a spear, covered from end to end in flame.
Centaur:「――ϡϡ !!」
Raising the flaming spear, the Centaur drove the tip towards Patrasche. The black Earth Dragon ducked as the spear approached, almost diving into the sand to avoid the attack and using that as an opening to speed up further.
However, just when it looked like they could get away, the Witchbeast’s hoof drove straight into the Earth Dragon’s torso from the side. The force of the attack passed through her hard skin, and she cried out as the impact smashed into her guts. Even then, she refused to drop Subaru, still dangling from her teeth. The heat he could feel near his waist was from the blood Patrasche was coughing up from her internal injuries.
That was the only sign she was badly injured.
However, she still wouldn’t let Subaru go, and Subaru had no way to care for his loyal dragon’s wounds. All he had was the seemingly eternal torture of the unending pain in his head.
Ram:「…EL FULA!!」
Anastasia:「JIWALD…!」
A second strike from the flaming spear was aimed at Patrasche, who was clearly slowing down.  
However, before it reached the Earth Dragon’s body, it was interrupted from two different directions.
From one side came an invisible blade of wind, from the other was a convergence of white-hot rays of heat.
Both of the incantations came from familiar voices, but that was all Subaru could say for sure.
Both spells landed direct hits on the Witchbeast, blowing holes through its body and cutting through the human torso at an angle… those wounds, too, closed instantly.
Ram:「Barusu…!  Oh, fine, if you’re dead, you should say so!」
Anastasia:「That’s a nasty one, that Witchbeast……I won’t be able ta do much ta that thing.」
Even though it sounded normal, one of the girls’ voices carried a trace of desperation. On the other hand, despite being in a desperate situation, one of the girls’ voices lacked any sense of stress.
Feeling his loyal dragon’s breath and blood on his skin, Subaru was on the verge of falling unconscious. If he was going to go through this much pain and torment, maybe dying wasn’t so…
Ram:「Don’t you dare die, Barusu! Rem would cry!」
Subaru:「…oh」
That voice, shouted right in his ear, cut through the pain and reached his brain. What the voice awakened was a hatred no less than the one he held for the Witchbeast.
They had forgotten.
Not a single one of them remembered that girl.
…Don’t talk about Rem and I like you know anything about it.
Subaru:「…INVISIBLE PROVIDENCEEEE!」
Releasing his feelings of anger towards the Witchbeast passing through the edge of his tear-stained vision, Subaru struck at it with a pitch-black magical hand in an outburst of rage.
Partway there, another raging pain tore at his skull―― before he was swallowed by it and lost consciousness, Subaru’s『Unseen Hand』hit the Witchbeast’s spear head-on, breaking it as a token act of defiance.
…That was all the resistance he could muster.
Centaur:「――ϡϡ」
The reward for his angry counterattack was another burst of furious pain.
The Centaur planted its front legs in the sandy ground and pivoted on them, turning itself around forcefully, and then its rear legs lashed out like a catapult.
Its solid rock-like hooves kicked sand into the air as they sped towards Subaru’s group―― himself, Patrasche, and Ram and Anastasia who were likely nearby as well, intending to tear through them all at once.
In an explosion of leg strength sufficient to bring down part of the cave, everyone was sent flying different directions by the wave of sand. Subaru was even torn away from Patrasche’s jaw, rolling helplessly on top of the sand, and thrown by the aftermath of the impact against a destroyed, burned body.
Subaru:「Ah, uh…」
A headache that couldn’t be described, and a body trampled by the Centaur’s kick.
Assaulted by continuous pain from the inside and out, Subaru could no longer hold on to his consciousness. Somehow, as he rolled loosely on the sand, he could feel the approaching darkness of death.
Destruction, annihilation, futile death, death in battle.
Heartless words like that roamed the back of his mind, but…
Subaru:「――――」
In a situation where his lungs had forgotten to even breathe, Subaru saw someone standing in front of him.
It was a small, delicate shadow. In a world with too little light, he couldn’t see it clearly. Even then, it was a familiar shape that he knew immediately. It was Ram. She was wobbling as she stood.
She had both arms outstretched, to protect Subaru.
Stop it. It’s stupid, impossible, useless…
He tried to say it, but his throat would no longer listen to him, as though it was filled with sand.  ――No, it actually was filled with sand. Because of the sand he’d stupidly swallowed trying to fight the pain in his head, Subaru could no longer even speak clearly.
Subaru:「…wh…y?」
With all his strength, Subaru managed a weak cry. Despite all the pent-up dissatisfaction and anger he had felt towards Ram and his other friends, that surely they must have known about.
Ram:「――Rem would… cry.」
Ram made only that quiet response to Subaru’s words.
For the little sister she couldn’t remember, for the person most dear to that unremembered sister, Ram stood.
What pushed her to go that far, Subaru couldn’t understand.
He couldn’t understand that, but there was one thing he did understand. At this rate, Ram was going to die. Subaru would die too. There was no way to avoid it.
Subaru:「――――」
The Centaur bellowed, swinging both its arms and creating a blazing sword in each of them. They didn’t really look like swords, though, so perhaps it had meant to make hammers or axes.
Regardless, they were both weapons wrapped in flame. It stood on the verge of using them to cut Ram’s much smaller frame into pieces, and roast Subaru as well.
Subaru:「…come, come on. There’s gotta be…something.」
Staring death in the face, Subaru reached down through the depths of his pain.
Fighting against the relentless pain was like diving deep into himself.  Looking outside himself – to Ram, Patrasche, or Anastasia―― was unrealistic.
Even if it would be derided as a dream or delusion, Subaru looked inside himself for something, anything. This unrealistic approach was the most realistic hope he had left.
Diving inside, reaching into the murky depths of his body, pulling aside the writhing black thoughts, Subaru looked inside himself for anything that could help. Not the『Unseen Hand』 he had overused. Something different, something, something new, some way to pull through this mess.
His last-ditch search yielded…
Subaru:「――ah」
Nothing, and Subaru watched as the Witchbeast in front of him raised its swords. The flames crossed above the Witchbeast’s head, and after a moment’s pause, descended towards Ram.  
Burning the very air, the oncoming slashes would heartlessly cut a burning path through the girl’s slender body, burn her away, leave nothing of the path she had walked, the memories she had held, or anything at all except black charcoal…
At that scene, Subaru cried out against his own powerlessness.
「――――」
The next moment, white light unleashed with tremendous speed blew away the Witchbeast’s upper body.

  ※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
The body of the Witchbeast which had wielded those swords of flame vanished from the world thanks to that tremendous light. The light didn’t bring forth such simplicities like crushing or severing its body, but rather it was the literal meaning of annihilation. 
「――――」
The Centaur was a monster that had a human body on the head part of a horse’s body. And the light had blown away, the part which was construed as its human body from chest up. Of course, that included the arms on its shoulders, the horn which was in place of a human head, and the fanged maw that gaped across its chest. 
Blood soundlessly gushed out from the Witchbeast’s wounds from the impact―― And immediately after, its wounds started to foam, readying itself to use the same hyper-recovery technique it had used thus far.   
Its squirming flesh swelled up, and its obliterated human body re-formed anew. The human body regenerated right away and explosive balls of fire quickly surged into life on both of its arms. 
Centaur:「――――ϡϡ!!」
The Centaur roared, and the alluring voice of countless babies filled the chilly air. Turning its body around, the Witchbeast paid no heed to Ram or Subaru, and instead leapt straight up towards the dangerous enemy that had blown away its upper body.
The Witchbeast summoned a heapload of fireballs on its arms and cast them one after the other as it rushed forward. Consumed by its heated frenzy, the Witchbeast prepared to unleash its own battle cry. However――
Centaur:「――ϡϡ!?」
The fireballs brought into existence by the Witchbeast were all intercepted from in front of it one by one. The things responsible for that were the flashes of white light that pierced the fireballs head on with tremendous accuracy. The speed of the flashes of light were out of the ordinary, and its strength was clearly superior to that of the fireballs. 
The lumps of flame were struck by the light dead on, pulled in by the power of it, and clashed against the body of the Witchbeast itself. Immediately after Subaru had thought the Centaur had ended up like a hedgehog with quills of white light, the flames exploded all around the Witchbeast’s body. 
The Centaur’s arms were obliterated to nothing, its maw was torn to shreds, its horse body was burnt and finally it had collapsed. It thrashed about on top of the sand, letting off a shrill cry in sheer anger.   
However, the Witchbeast’s wounds squirmed over, and it refused to die. It was as if it was telling them to grow stronger, to change their approach, and that they should evolve their manner of bestowing death, since they couldn’t achieve it by blowing away parts of it into nothing. 
「――――」
The Witchbeast’s appearance transformed as it regenerated its lost parts. 
The human part of its body changed, now its arms had increased from two to four, and sharp, long fangs jutted out from its maw. Its lower horse-half also had more legs, numbering eight in total. Doing a simple calculation, they had doubled in quantity. 
As well as that, its charred skin had hardened, now shining with a black lustre to it. At a glimpse, it maybe looked like a being that was clad in armour. 
And it held an axe, a hammer, a spear, and a sword of flame in each of its newly added arms. The Witchbeast had managed to evolve itself in an unbelievably short period of time, all to alter itself so it could face the being casting the white rays of light.  
「――――」
Raising its four forelegs, the Centaur thunderously let out a roar. It clacked its raised hooves together with a piercing clang and began to spur forwards. 
Its huge figure was similar to that of an armoured train decked in steel. Its weight and acceleration would easily turn any opponent to mincemeat, causing them to meet a vicious end. 
The being that had put the Witchbeast to shame would end up being completely annihilated if it was treated to a fiery finishing blow. 
Centaur:「――――ϡϡ!!」
Kicking sand up into the air『A white light pierced it』and trailing up『A white light pierced it』a plume of fiery heat, the Witchbeast fiercely『A white light pierced it』broke through.『A white light pierced it』The heat of its flames『A white light pierced it』had flared up『A white light pierced it』hotter than ever before, it was like『A white light pierced it』the hellfire『A white light pierced it』of the abyss. Its grotesque and atypical figure『A white light pierced it』made it so that you couldn’t avoid『A white light pierced it』breaking into shudders when『A white light pierced it』you caught a mere glimpse of it,『A white light pierced it』regardless who you were;『A white light pierced it』that was what the King of the Sand Sea was.『A white light pierced it』『A white light pierced it』『A white light pierced it』『A white light pierced it』『A white light pierced it』『A white light pierced i』『A white light pierced i』『A white light pierced i』『A white light pierced』『A white light pierced』『A white light pierced』『A white light pierc』『A white light pierc』『A white light pierc』『A white light pi』『A white light pi』『A white light pi』『A white light』『A white light』『A white light』『White light』『White light』『White light』『White light』『White light』『White light』『White light』『White light』『White light』『White light』『White light』『White light』『White light』『White light』『White light』『White light』『White light』『White light』『White light』『White light』『White light』『White light』『White light』――
――
――――
――――――――
――――――――――――――
Subaru:「――――」
There was nothing left behind anymore right after the crazy amount of light had streamed out. The Witchbeast, which had wielded such menace, had been completely obliterated by the light all the way up to the smithereens of its flesh. The Witchbeast had completely been blown away somewhere far out of this world.   
The only thing that was left on the sand was the countless number of light rays which had been fired at the Witchbeast to erase its existence―― The source of that came just from those white, elongated stingers. Those too instantly turned to powder as if they’d effloresced away. 
Subaru:「――――」
Subaru had even forgotten his headache as he gazed aghast at the spectacle with his own eyes. He realised that a feverish, slender body had happened to leap in between his arms. It was Ram. He didn’t remember what had happened, but it seemed like he’d been embracing her body in their final moments. 
Though it should’ve been a meaningless gesture, it looked like Ram wasn’t conscious. 
Subaru:「――――」
Subaru could hear the sound of someone stepping on the sand. That someone was ever so slowly approaching Subaru and the others; they were definitely approaching them. 
The inside of the cave was still enveloped in darkness along with a frigid silence. 
The only source of light came from the scattered fiery scraps that had been spewed out by the Witchbeast earlier. There was one such fiery scrap right next to Subaru that allowed him to look around a few metres.
Someone’s foot entered the very edge of his field of vision. 
Subaru:「――――」
Lifting his face up, Subaru looked up to where the owner of those feet―― And perhaps the one behind that light was. Gradually lifting up his field of vision, what he saw reflected in his bleary eyes was… a human being. 
Subaru:「――――」
It was… a woman. A woman with a rather queer air to her.  
Her legs were audaciously bare all the way up to her thighs, and the only thing that covered her crotch was the hem of her shorts that were just barely cut down for that task. Above that, her waist and belly button were exposed. A piece of cloth was wound above her slender waist like a muneate to keep her breasts concealed. 
However, she wore something akin to a cloak from her shoulders which barely protected the greater part of her body (exposed from her pale shoulders) from the wind.   
Her hair was a brown that was closer to black to the point that it seemed to blend in with the darkness around them. Her long hair was tied into a ponytail that collected all of it together. 
She gazed at Subaru and the others with moist eyes which were chock-full of thick emotion. Her thin lips curved up, breaking into a rather bestial smile. 
???:「――I found you.」
At least I can understand what she’s saying, Subaru thought to himself. And just as he thought that, his consciousness reached its limit.  
Tasting the feeling of sand, Subaru let go of his consciousness still without uttering a single word. At least, it didn’t seem like he’d have to let go of the girl wrapped inside his arms; he held her tight.
He only had enough willpower left to persevere to that point.


Chapter 18
―Amid the dregs of murky darkness, there was consciousness.
It had been a long time since Natsuki Subaru visited this place. Like the several previous times, it was a dark world where sky and earth had no end, and only darkness resided. It felt like he had been forcibly summoned to this place just like when he『Returned by Death』.
If he were to think about it, this too was a truly mysterious place. At any rate, it wasn’t like Subaru could pull out his memories of this place, and bring them to the outside. Despite it not being his first time visiting this place, he would forget entering it after leaving.
A transient feeling, just like as if he was a mere bubble floating by in a dream.
Within this pale darkness, in the narrow gaps of his faint recollections, the consciousness known as Natsuki Subaru on the outside floundered through the air, and slowly swam amidst the jet black darkness.
With only his consciousness, he rose to the surface; of course when it came to his body he had gotten used to the feeling of not having his limbs, his eyes, his ears, his mouth. As well as that, the fact that he didn’t know what was top, bottom left or right, and the anxiety towards not being able to see anything, including the depths below. All of that didn’t matter to his consciousness, which was dominated by just one thing.
There was an unbearable, unending passion at the core of his consciousness, or perhaps within the formation of his consciousness itself― no, more so, it was dear love, adoration, deep unconditional love.
When he comes here, he can be with the source of this love. His consciousness had learnt just this thing, and he was delighted that he could visit this place once again. Before he began to even relish that long awaited encounter, the feeling pounded in his rightfully nonexistent chest was one of such joy that he wanted to open his rightfully nonexistent lips to sing.
However, the passion of his consciousness was―
Mysterious Voice 1:「He seems to have arrived in… HIGH SPIRITS.」
Mysterious Voice 2:「It’s really nothing to joke about. Acting all smug due to just a bit of luck. Have some restraint, even shamelessness can go so far, how unbearable. Do take a long, objective look at yourself; maybe then, you will see just how far your impudence has gone.」
Suddenly, he heard them; he was disturbed by voices which by all rights he should not be able to hear.
???:『――――』
His consciousness turned to look behind. If neither face nor body exist in this directionless world, then what’s the significance in the act of looking behind, was there any? It was not to find a meaning in this, rather it was an act for the sake of giving meaning to it. You needed a body to look behind. If he consciously thought so, and acted, then the jet black darkness has no choice but to give that to the nothingness that was Natsuki Subaru.
Thus, the consciousness which looks back became Natsuki Subaru, now bestowed with vision so he could look around his surroundings, and a body which he could turn back around with. Yet, that alone was still insufficient, and his body was far off from being complete. This Subaru was an imperfect recreation; the real Natsuki Subaru couldn’t be reproduced at all.
Would it be better if he had hands, or legs, or perhaps a nose and mouth? ―No, making and manifesting a human being out of nothing was not that easy.
Natsuki Subaru didn’t know nearly enough about himself to recreate himself. It wasn’t easy for Natsuki Subaru to complete himself using only his own memories and knowledge.
Therefore, it was impossible currently to make Natsuki Subaru more than this. However, in that lacking state, the incomplete Natsuki Subaru wasn’t even able to recognise this. And that was why the incomplete Natsuki Subaru who’d only gave his transient body some transient eyes, whilst existing in a state in which he can’t even place a foot down onto the ground, spun around to look at his surroundings, and noticed something.
There was something other than the “consciousness” of Natsuki Subaru coming to the fore within the depths of the darkness.
Mysterious Voice 1:「Disgusting and shameful, nothing more than the result of self… CONCEIT. Yes, how very sinful, how dirty you are! Just so so so so worthy of… DISDAIN!」
Mysterious Voice 2:「Subpar, way off from a human, we could say we have the ultimate imperfection here, doesn’t it feel like that? What were they even thinking, that a guy like this would kick the satisfied me to the curb? Shouldn’t it have been obvious from the beginning if you knew your place? Who are you to stand in my way, a nuisance! A hindrance! Pretty much everything! So lacking! Not enough! Liiike, if you think like a logical, human being…! Even with you being a subhuman, liike the likes of human cattle.」
His “Consciousness” rose to the fore in the darkness, where jeers rained down upon the very much imperfect Natsuki Subaru. On one side was insanity, and on the other was annoyance, both respectively venting out their hatred towards Natsuki Subaru.
However, unfortunately for Natsuki Subaru, being a mere speck of consciousness, he could not comprehend that hatred.
The heart, the brain of this Natsuki Subaru were not prepared at all to comprehend it. If he were to try and gain an understanding of those words which the “consciousnesses” uttered, then just like he materialised some flesh, and just like he created a sense of sight, he had to create organs to allow him to understand them.
???:『――――』
―But, somehow, those organs felt unnecessary.
At least, in order to grasp what those two “consciousnesses” were saying, the meaning behind trying to produce such a thing was weak, above all, he didn’t feel the urge to do so. It was not easy to drag out the material from the immaterial. At the very least, if Natsuki Subaru’s consciousness didn’t truly wish for it, then he could neither create nor acquire it.
So as things were right now, he couldn’t help but to postpone bringing forth a mind to understand them, as well as words to reply to the “consciousness” of those two. No, actually, there was no ulterior motive behind it.
Mysterious Voice 1:「What insolence! What contempt! What disdain! Here I am, preaching with such diligence, and yet you don’t even bother to consider… CONTEMPLATING IT. How very… how very, aah, aah, aaah… ! Slothful. You are truly… slothful!」
Mysterious Voice 2:「How far will you go in making a fool out of others until you’re satisfied, damned human cattle…! Listen well, just who do you think I am? I am the most satisfied man in the world, one who worries about nothing and only wishes to pursue his simple joys and live a fulfilling life, undisturbed and free of greed, and yet you would interfere with that? This is a violation of my rights. An act of wickedness. One such as you, who would crush the dreams of others so easily, must be stopped…!」
Feeling that he wasn’t making any progress, he turned his back to the “consciousnesses” of the two. It was convenient, having this body, to indicate that he has no intention of talking to them. Behind the scenes, he felt that their abusive words would still echo, but he didn’t mind because if he showed that he cared, it would be plain enough to them.
His sense of vision worked without even needing to turn back. Right now, what he would probably need was not “A sense of vision”, but “eyeballs”. Should the chance present itself, he would remember to make them.
However, right now, he had no time to deal with such trifles.
???:『――――』
Because, right in front of of Natsuki Subaru’s consciousness, the shadow whom he aimed for was showing herself.
???:『――――』
In the jet black darkness, where nothing should have been visible, the silhouette clad in deeper black than the midst of the darkness he was in was far more vivid.
Sometimes, she would freeze Natsuki Subaru’s heart, with those arms with such graceful fingers would dangle loosely. Though slender, those limbs possessed such tenderness, garbed in a dark dress. As usual, her features are unclear, as everything above her neck was covered by a thick mist. But, Natsuki Subaru understood deep within his soul that there was “someone” there that inspired such deep emotions of love.
Her appearance was far more clear than the previous encounter, and he was far closer to her, distance-wise. In his previous encounter with her, only her arms and body could be seen, a silhouette, but now she was wearing a dress, and he could see up until her bare feet peeking out from underneath the hem of her long dress. Nearly all of her body was perfectly reproduced; what wasn’t visible to Natsuki Subaru was just her face hidden by the darkness.
How irritating. But for now, that was okay. Stronger than before, he felt her presence ever nearer. However, Natsuki Subaru, though clearer she may be, was not yet prepared to go out and meet her.
Right now, he should simply rejoice that he was so close to her. One day, he would definitely reach out and touch her fingers, embrace her slender waist, and make love with her.
???:『―I love you』
Faced with this confession, Natsuki Subaru gave his newly manufactured chin a nod in response. Through that mere action, the shadow’s delight could be felt; accompanying it, an apologetic feeling sprang up.
Next time, a “Mouth” and “Tongue” would be necessary so that he could express his words of love from there. While feeling these profound emotions, Natsuki Subaru’s consciousness started to leave this shadow garden, and―

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
Though Subaru knew he was good at getting up from sleep, on the flipside, he also knew that he found it hard to get asleep.
For Subaru, waking up from sleep felt as if he were raising his face above the water’s surface. No matter who may be submerged underwater, if their face breaks up to the water’s surface, they will not forget how to breathe. For Subaru, that breathing signifies the waking of his consciousness, it’s fairly natural that he can “breathe” when waking up.
Emilia:「Ooh, you get up so well, I’m jealous. I… am reaaaaaaally bad at getting up.」
This had been Emilia’s comment from when they had this conversation before. Incidentally, when it came to Emilia getting up, there was no exaggeration or humility when she said these words, it really was that bad. Just as you would imagine, Emilia did have very low blood pressure, it took her about an hour to wake up and get herself out of bed.
When she wakes up in her bed in the mornings, in her drowsiness she waits for to get back to her senses and then finally gets out of the Futon, washes her face and fixes her hair― that’s her style. And on the other hand, unlike Subaru, she slept as well as a child. A stark contrast.
Emilia:「When I was in the forest, and I only had Puck beside me, since Puck didn’t come out much at night… I could only do stuff like sleeping…」
This had been Emilia’s comment from when they had this conversation before. And regarding the details of how Subaru had replied to this, he would leave those turned over. But now that she has someone to keep her company late at night, she should forget about how the past was.
In any case, Subaru was honestly quite envious of her quality of sleep. No matter what, when Subaru gets into bed and closes his eyes in the middle of the night, he can’t stop thinking about all kinds of stuff. In particular, what he thinks about includes all the things he could have done differently, and all the regrets he has. Whether it was about what happened during that day, and sometimes as well what happened days long before, regret torments Subaru without any heed for either time nor means. When fighting with stuff like that, he can’t fall asleep at all. That’s the source behind his poor quality of sleep.
―So, even the events which happened beneath the sand sea became a newly planted seed of regret as far as it concerned Subaru. It’s practically assured that this would become something that would greatly disturb Subaru’s sleeping quality from now on.
Subaru:「…where… am I?」
At the moment he woke up, Subaru understood that his waking had differed to the usual one from『Return by Death.』First of all, there was light in the surroundings. Quite unlike the underground area beneath the sand sea that he had awoken in submerged by darkness, the fact that he can look around his surroundings serves as evidence of things having changed. In addition to that, the chilliness had also faded, and his body was embraced by a feeling quite different to that of lying on top of the sand. The soft feeling against his back was perhaps that of a bed. Below his head there was also something like a pillow there, in other words, Subaru was―
Subaru:「I’m lying down in a bed…」
If he were to check and say it out loud, resting on top of his body was a white cotton blanket. The feeling of a bed with a pillow was not a feeling he wasn’t familiar with if he were to really check. Rather, he was really familiar with it, he immediately realised that it was the bedding that came from the dragon carriage. Thus here, he was inside the dragon carriage that they had used in their attempt to seize the Pleiades Watchtower.
Subaru:「What’s this doing here…!?」
Subaru sat himself up, understanding that he had been laid down within the dragon carriage that was supposed to have veered off course. In that moment, he noticed that someone was clutching his right hand. If he were to turn to face his right hand side― there was a young lady kneeling on the floor right next to the bed, her body sprawled out across the bed, sleeping. It was the silver-haired Emilia who was clutching Subaru’s hand, with somewhat of a look of relief on her face.
Softly breathing, with warmth radiating from the palm of her hand. Subaru let out an exhausted, hoarse breath seeing that she was definitely here.
Subaru:「Ah, ahhhhh…Emilia, that’s you right? Safe and sound…」
Emilia’s form, nestled beside him, left Subaru puzzled, with it not having sunk in yet. Since his right hand was being held, he stretched out his left hand and placed it against her cheeks. Her pale cheeks were hot, as if she was developing a fever; her skin was absurdly soft and smooth. Just by touching them, it felt like love and affection are about to burst out of them, touching them as much as he dared, just to make sure.
Subaru:「Oooh, there’s no doubt, it’s Emilia… Cute, delicate, warm.」
???:「―You wouldn’t be happening to be doing something inappropriate, in fact. Emilia was terribly worried for you, I suppose. She didn’t sleep for two days, in fact.」
Subaru:「Huuuuuuh!?」
When stroking Emilia’s cheeks, having his fill of her soft breathing, Subaru had reflexively flinched at the voice that had abruptly interrupted him. And in a panic he tried to turn his head around; standing by the door which connected this living space with the bed he found the little girl leaning on it, with a look of disgust on her face.
Subaru:「Bea―」
Beatrice:「Shhhhh, I suppose. I dislike this unreasonable Subaru, in fact.」
Subaru:「――――」
Instinctively, he had almost raised his voice, delighted in seeing her again, but he had been interrupted by Beatrice just before. Subaru placed his hand over his mouth, and quietly looked down below at the still sleeping Emilia. Whilst letting him chew on his words, her stiff expression loosened, leading her to look somewhat more happy.
Subaru:「That sure was a close one…Beako. Come over here. Let me hug you.」
Beatrice:「What a foolish thing to say…well, it can’t be helped, I suppose.」
If he can’t show his happiness at this reunion using words, then he has no choice but to show his happiness at this reunion using actions. With Subaru beckoning her, Beatrice sighed and drew closer to him. The little girl was indifferently playing with her drill curls, and when she came beside him, Subaru hugged her with his free left arm, firmly embracing her against his chest.
Subaru:「Thank goodness… seriously, thank goodness. I was really really worried.」
Beatrice:「…That’s Betty’s words, in fact. We couldn’t find Subaru or the older sister anywhere, and we were all frightened to the core, I suppose. We feared you weren’t alive, I suppose.」
Subaru:「Is that so. Were you worried to death about me?」
Beatrice:「Not entirely like that… I suppose. That’s right, I was worried, I suppose. Really, really… really… 」
While embracing Beatrice’s light body, the little girl cast her gaze down and her words faltered mid-sentence. He continued to stroke Beatrice’s hair who nuzzled her head against his chest and cherished her reunion with him in silence for a moment. And after a little bit of time, the silence was broken; Beatrice moved her face up away from Subaru’s chest, with a feeling of relief traced across her features and hopped off of the bed with a boing.
Beatrice:「Anyway, other than to the sleepyhead Emilia, we’ve got to tell everyone that you’ve woken up, in fact. We were all worried, thinking it was your last, I suppose.」
Subaru:「Everyone… Oh yeah, is everyone safe? Even those who got separated from me, and those who were with me?」
Beatrice:「You can rest assured, in fact. Everyone is safe and sound, I suppose.」
Subaru:「I see… I seee!」
Subaru’s unease faded as he heard Beatrice’s guarantee. He had heard that everyone was safe, her unexpected answer had set his heart at ease. But, straight afterwards, Subaru jerked his head up, an unpleasant feeling of deja vu resounding from that guarantee.
Subaru:「Wait, Beako. I’m sorry for how short-lived my happiness is. But, is everyone really all right?」
Beatrice:「Gnh, it’s upsetting being doubted by Subaru, in fact. There would be no sense in Betty deceiving Subaru like this, I suppose. I am not joking, in fact.」
Subaru:「I get that you’re in a huff, but this isn’t the reason why I am doubting you. Even if you weren’t looking to deceive me, that doesn’t mean that I haven’t been fooled, …didn’t we just experience that rather painfully in Pristella?」
Beatrice:「――――」
Hearing this, Beatrice seemed to notice the source of Subaru’s concern. Even in the battle against the Witch Cult in Pristella, after their battle Subaru had received an identical report. He had been told that everyone was safe, in fact, that been a correct presumption to make, but―
Subaru:「Let’s confirm it. There’s me, Emilia and Beatrice. In addition there’s Rem, Ram and Patrasche. Anastasia, Meili, Gyan, and finally… Julius. This is everyone.」
Beatrice:「――――」
Subaru:「You’re saying that everyone… that everyone is here?」
Beatrice:「Don’t worry, I suppose. That’s everyone, in fact. There’s no one that I’ve forgotten, and that Subaru only hasn’t, I suppose.]
Subaru:「I see… I see. Then I guess I can really be delighted by it…」
Having confirmed that everything that was necessary, Subaru carefully thinks about whether there are any more pitfalls remaining. He determined that he hadn’t overlooked anything, and finally he found strength in those words which had said that everyone was safe.
Subaru:「Thank goodness. Oh, thank goodness…!」
Beatrice:「Good grief, you sure like to over-exaggerate, in fact. In the first place, when we found out that you, the most likely to attract danger, was okay, we guessed that everyone else was too, I suppose.」
Subaru:「Idiot! That’s not always true y’know! Even if I know that’s so, anxiety is still anxiety, and worry is still worry. You were crying after finding out I was safe, no?」
Beatrice:「I wasn’t crying or anything, in fact. Just because Betty was pressing her face against your chest, it doesn’t mean you should look at it like that, I suppose. You can’t prove it, in fact.」
With a hmph, Beatrice puffed out her delicate chest, however her words seemed to be brimming with emotion to the contrary. On top of that, there were traces left on the bed that someone other than him had slept there at a space of the lower part of the bed which took up about half of its size― Subaru pointed at it and said:
Subaru:「There’s evidence right here that someone crawled in next to me and fell asleep, but even with seeing this dead giveaway are you still going to say that you weren’t worried? 」
Beatrice:「That wasn’t Betty, I suppose! This is completely a false accusation, in fact. I have no idea what you’re talking about, I suppose.」
Subaru:「No one but you would act like this! Don’t feel embarrassed.」
Beatrice:「You’re wrong, in fact! Ahh, jeez, we’re gonna wake up Emilia, I suppose.」
Beatrice forced a change of subject as they exchanged such frivolous conversations in their usual manner While giving a wry smile at her flushed face, Subaru let out a long, truly long, deep sigh.
Everyone was safe, he was relieved for now to hear those words. When they were at the sand dunes, they had been pursued by a herd of Witchbeasts and they had split up, Subaru had repeatedly『Returned by Death』in the underground area of the sand sea. He had no clue how Emilia and the others were doing and what would have happened if he couldn’t have undone it―
Subaru:「…now that you mention it, it’s like feeling suspicious about everything will only raise bogies, is that what it is?」
Beatrice:「――?」
Looking dumbfounded, Beatrice cocked her head at Subaru who had placed his left hand on his head. For Beatrice, the meaning of that behaviour felt cryptic, but to Subaru there was a meaning to it. No, there was no meaning to this behaviour itself, but it could be said that the subjectiveness of it all was the greatest factor.
Subaru:「Beako… you’re the same as always, Beako. Emilia as well is as cute as always.」
Beatrice:「What are you even saying…」
Although she fixed him with a deadpan gaze, Subaru felt no extraordinary sense of discomfort or irritation at her words. Toward the sleeping Emilia as well, he felt nothing but trusting love to the two of them. Not a trace of the inexplicable hatred that had tormented him underground was left.
Subaru:「Guess I’m alright now, since I’m far away from the miasma. Though it makes me sick to even leave such a strange thing, of unknown cause and treatment, as is…」
Beatrice:「Subaru, if you still aren’t feeling well or you feel anxious about your health, it would be better for you to lie down, I suppose. There’s no need for you to get up all in a hurry for now, in fact. In one way or another, just Betty and everyone else will manage to undertake the trials, I suppose.」
Subaru:「…huh?」
Placing her hand against his forehead, Beatrice had showed concern at Subaru, his eyes downcast. Amidst the concern in those words, was something that he hadn’t heard before. Subaru interrupted her without thinking.
Subaru:「What did you just say now?」
Beatrice:「So you can rest, I suppose. It’s not like you’re taking the day off with no good reason, Betty won’t get mad at you when it’s about you not feeling well, in fact.」
Subaru:「Though I remember saying such terrific stuff in this feverish talk, it wasn’t that part I was referring to y’know? After that… you said something about a trial?」
Beatrice:「Ahhh, yeah, I did say that I suppose.」
At having heard Subaru hounding her, Beatrice slipped out a「Damnit」in response. It’s not like she had really wanted to hide it from Subaru, rather, it more so came from her concern from worrying about wanting Subaru to rest for a bit. However, it wasn’t enough to make him have peace of mind, having heard that much, since Subaru was not much of an obedient person, and Beatrice knew that well enough.
Subaru:「Beako」
Beatrice:「I know. I will give you a proper explanation, I suppose. Really, I thought that it’d be better to talk about it after you settled down… despite that, my mouth slipped.」
Subaru:「It’s one of your cute points that you can’t hide stuff like this. ―In the first place, I’ve looked the other way on stuff that I ought to have asked you from the start.」
He flashed a faint bittersweet smile at Beatrice who had admitted defeat, though the smile quickly disappeared from his face. Subaru more or less lowered his voice and opened his mouth, and naturally questioned her with:
Subaru:「Where are we? And don’t go butting in saying something silly like inside the dragon carriage.」
Beatrice:「Subaru, I think it’s no long stretch of the imagination for you too, I suppose」
Beatrice gave a weary sigh, putting her arms together. And so, with a click of her heels, she looked up to the other side of the room― the little girl looked up to the ceiling.
Beatrice:「―Pleiades Watchtower.」
Subaru:「――――」
Beatrice:「The watchtower at the end of those sand dunes, we are in it, I suppose.」
And that was what she said.

  ※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
He carefully let go of Emilia’s hand; she was lying down on the bed, fast asleep since she had stayed up for two days. Subaru slipped out of the dragon carriage after giving her forehead a quick stroke.
Within the dragon carriage which they’d spent over a month in, it seemed like there were no changes to it from before it had veered off course. Without so much of a scratch on its body, it looked just as if it was new.
Beatrice:「Unlike those who were with Subaru, the ones who were with Betty, swallowed up by the『Sand Wind』chasm were safe, I suppose. We were hurled away to a different place from that flower garden… everyone with us turned pale when we realised that Subaru and some of the rest had been separated from us, in fact.」
Subaru:「You as well?」
Beatrice:「Emilia and Julius too, I suppose. Betty isn’t the only one, in fact.」
With a hmph, Beatrice pouted and turned her eyes away from him; she opened the door that led to the outside of the dragon carriage. The sensation of the wind outside felt rather like the one present in the sand dunes, the darkness outside was close to that of the one in the underground area of the sand sea. However, unlike back at the sand dunes, there’s no sand mixed in with the wind, and the darkness was less profound when compared to the underground area. The cause of this came from some magical lamps which had been installed all the way around the area, as well as some densely packed luminous moss which lined the walls around them. The moss near him certainly reminded him of the kind he had seen inside『Sanctuary’s』graveyard. It grows quite superflously wherever he may go, it’s certainly quite a handy piece of vegetation to have around.
Subaru:「This place is…」
Beatrice:「The sixth floor of the Pleiades Watchtower… well, the lowermost floor, I suppose. From looking at the tower from the sand sea, it looks like the sixth floor seems to be partially buried beneath the tower, in fact. The fifth floor is above the sand… although you might say it’s hard to tell, I suppose.」
Looking over the circular area, Subaru widened his eyes at hearing Beatrice’s explanation. The reason why he can’t really get the gist of her explanation was probably because Subaru was completely unfamiliar with the interior and the structure of the Pleiades Watchtower.
As far as he can see, the inside of the Pleiades Watchtower was fairly vast and spacious. In the place Beatrice had mentioned as being called the sixth floor, the floor was on one side made of stone, and right in the middle of it rested the dragon carriage. The circular area that spreads itself around from where the dragon carriage stood was probably about 200 or 300 metres in radius. If the tower was built exactly in the shape of a circle, rather than something more crude like an ellipsis, then he can hardly believe it, mouth agape, at the enormity of the handiwork it would have taken to construct it.
Subaru:「…Thinking about the pointless work done back in the olden days, doesn’t this remind you of stuff like the pyramids? It’s such a massive waste for just one person’s tomb. Hmm, wait, no, I’ve heard some stuff about how they were kinda used as public enterprise, and the unemployed being super grateful for them…」
Beatrice:「I really don’t get what you’re muttering about again, in fact.」
Subaru:「I’m talking about tombstones. Even burying people alive was once popular, thinking they were taking preventative measures about what would happen to them after death, that’s how they thought back in olden times, the idea is similar」
Beatrice:「…Stories about what happens after death aren’t good omens, I suppose. Ridiculous, in fact.」
Hearing Subaru’s thoughtless remarks, Beatrice turned her eyes away from Subaru, as if in a sulk. Stroking his cheek, Subaru realised that he had said something he shouldn’t have, and so he started petting Beatrice’s hair. Suddenly, he wrapped back around to the front of the dragon carriage, as if having remembered something.
Subaru:「Ohh, Gyan! You’re also safe and sound! Gyan, you aren’t dead!」
Beatrice:「Why are you saying such inane things all of a sudden, I suppose!?」
Subaru:「Huh, no, I just felt like I needed to do it. But, I am really glad that he’s safe heh.」
At the front of the dragon carriage, reined to the carriage itself, was the reliable earth dragon, Gyan. Of the Gyrus species which are adapted for the desert, resilience was their strong suit. Gyan had splendidly managed to survive the difficult circumstances, showing a particularly shameless obstinance to those words.
Subaru:「That said, disregarding the others, you’re the first one confirmed alive! 」
Gyan:「――――」
Subaru:「Oyoy, don’t make such a long face. I said I’m glad. Hey, I will give you a larger share of food later, so cut me some slack.」
Gyan:「――――」
Subaru:「What is it? Look, I’m a money-on-hand kind of guy.」
Beatrice:「It’d be high time for you to calm your little act down any time now, in fact. He’s tired, so we’re heading off, I suppose.」
The look on Beatrice’s face was one indicating she didn’t want to have anything to do with this, as Subaru had his little joke alongside Gyan. In response to Beatrice’s reaction, Subaru with a twist of his neck said「My bad, my bad.」
Subaru:「Come now, I didn’t mean to embarrass you, but there’s something I wanted to check. 」
Beatrice:「What is it?」
Subaru:「Well… even though Gyan’s here, Patrasche is still nowhere to be seen.」
His fellow earth dragon, Patrasche, it would be normal for her to be reined here to the carriage if she was safe. However, even when he checked the other side of the dragon carriage her jet-black beautiful figure could not be seen anywhere. Subaru was uneasy at the fact that her figure, which should be there, wasn’t, but,
Beatrice:「Don’t jump quickly to conclusions, I suppose. That earth dragon… Patrasche, as we couldn’t keep her on the sixth floor, she’s on the fourth floor, in fact.」
Subaru:「Fourth floor? Is that above? Why?」
Beatrice:「She’s getting treatment for her wounds, I suppose. The younger of those sisters… Rem’s figure shouldn’t be there in the dragon carriage either, in fact. Everyone in a poor state was brought up to the fourth floor, I suppose.」
Subaru:「Getting treatment… will… Rem be cured!?」
Subaru jumped at Beatrice’s unexpected words. A faint look of surprise flitted across Beatrice’s face as she saw how forcefully Subaru had reacted, but she kept him at bay by pinching his nose as he drew near to her.
Beatrice:「Ca… calm down, in fact! Don’t be so impatient, I suppose!」
Subaru:「As if this is the time to be calm! Will… Rem be cured? Also, you said Patrasche is getting treatment as well, what sort of state is she in?」
Beatrice:「Let me start from the beginning! I can’t just say everything all at once, in fact. Just, we put her in place that is better than just laying her down, I suppose! The earth dragon is like so, too, in fact!」
Subaru:「…Ohh, I see」
Subaru, having tried to press for answers, hung his head down despondently, seeing the energy sap out of him, even Beatrice gave him a sad look. But, the little girl clenched her small fist, and said:
Beatrice:「Look, this isn’t a situation where you should feel down, I suppose. Surely, there has to be a way to manage it, in fact. In order to check that, everyone will challenge the trials of the watchtower now, I suppose.」
Subaru:「――――」
In order to cheer up the downcast Subaru, Beatrice clumsily attempts to urge him into rousing his spirit. Seeing her attempt, Subaru was taken aback, and he jerked his chin up with a:「That’s right」
Subaru:「My bad, I’m really sorry in retrospect. I’m sorry about worrying you.」
Beatrice:「 If this worry is from Subaru, then for you I’ll allow it, in fact. But at least let me worry in a place where Betty can keep an eye on you, that’d be a great help, I suppose」
Subaru:「I’ll consider it.」
Subaru ruffled Beatrice’s hair and expressed his gratitude at hearing her sympathetic words. Beatrice’s hairdo was completely unyielding, and even his attempts at ruffling and disturbing it in this manner were in vain, such was its strength. In any case, under the encouragement of Beatrice, Subaru turned his eyes towards the top of the tower.
Subaru:「This is the sixth floor… at any rate, we can just go up, right?」
Beatrice:「Perhaps, Julius and the others are in the middle of the trial right now. So, beforehand, it’s best if we meet with the『Sage』face-to-face and ask them for some more details, I suppose.」
Subaru:「Sage…? Huh, now that you mention it…」
In the middle of Beatrice’s words, Subaru caught hold onto the word,『Sage.』In spite of in the first place having come to this watchtower to meet with the『Sage』, Beatrice hadn’t mentioned anything to do with the『Sage』up until now.
Subaru:「Beako, I guess you already met the Sage? What sort of guy was he? Did you talk to him and complain about the white light beams which zinged towards us?」
Beatrice:「…I don’t really want to talk about the Sage too much, in fact. Well, no, I suppose. Perhaps, when it comes to the sage, it’ll be simpler if you met them in person, I suppose」
Subaru:「Y’know… I don’t remember ever having met face to face with any normal guy with the way you’re speaking about them. If I recall, I feel like I was told something similar by Emilia-tan when I first met with Roswaal.」
It had already been more than a year ago, but he remembered the conversation back then vividly. He remembered that she had explained it like this:『I think meeting and talking to him will be easier to understand him than talking to each other about him』in relation to Roswaal. In reality, she thought that he wouldn’t have received the impact unless he met with him in person, and he’d be on the same wavelength if they spoke, but, well, it was far too late now for what happened back then.
Beatrice:「If you meet them, you’ll understand, in fact.」
Subaru:「…Understood. In any case, we should go and try and meet them. How do we get above?」
Beatrice:「Stairs, I suppose. If you look closely, there are stairs by the wall, in fact.」
If he squinted his eyes to where Beatrice’s words had pointed him to, he can just about make out that there’s something like steps― a staircase, on the outer edge of the circular room indeed. However, there were a huge amount of steps forming a spiral staircase that wound its way around the big, circular tower.
Subaru:「Eh…? Does this lead up?」
Beatrice:「Climb up this, I suppose. If you keep going up, it won’t take too long, in fact.」
Subaru:「Even if you say to keep going up… how many steps is it until the top!?」
Subaru shrieked this out, as it looked likely that he’d be made to get some heavy exercise, being made to go up and down all over again. His voice echoed around the tower in vain, most likely it echoed all the way up until to the top before sorrowfully fading away. Beatrice shrugged her shoulders uttering a『Good Grief』at Subaru’s lamenting.
Beatrice:「It can’t be helped, I suppose. If we could use something like a bit of magic for this, it may be possible to fly upstairs in some shape or form, but…well, Subaru you have no other choice, in fact.」
Subaru:「No, look, we can like use Murak here. How about we use something like that to climb all the way up to the very top without stopping with ease?」
Beatrice:「It’s not like we can’t, but when push comes to shove, I feel we’d be in danger… like of running out of mana, in fact.」
Subaru:「Even if we go up the stairs normally, when push comes to shove, won’t we be running out of steam, physically!?」
Even though Subaru’s physical strength compared to back when he had been a hikikomori was stronger, he was still a feeble boy who still has some ways to go before he reaches the standards of strength of this other world, and thus he can’t escape from it. He didn’t know how high above the fifth floor was from the lowermost floor, i.e. the sixth floor, but at least when he looked above at he couldn’t even see a ceiling. With how high he thought it is, climbing up would be a deed on the level of mountain climbing.
Subaru:「Damn it! Even so I have to go up and make sure that the likes of Rem and Patrasche are safe. I have to. Ah, goddamnit.」
Beatrice:「That’s the spirit, I suppose. Good luck, in fact. Betty will cheer you on, I suppose. It’d be really helpful if you call out to me when you reach the top, in fact.」
Subaru:「A shortcut!? I ain’t gonna let you! You come along too with me. Walk! Break into a sweat!」
Beatrice:「I’m sorry, but Betty is a cute spirit and sweating would be―」
Subaru steeled his resolve to tackle the stairs, left with no choice, as Beatrice almost dampened his enthusiasm. But, in the middle of their argument, Beatrice suddenly broke off mid-sentence, and looked up overhead.
Subaru:「Beako?」
Beatrice:「Oh no, I suppose. Subaru, get down in fact―!」
With her sudden change in attitude, Subaru’s voice trailed off, as both Beatrice’s expression changed as well as coming to jump up to him. Catching Beatrice by her chest, he lifted her up into his arms. And, Beatrice was open-mouthed, and then she beat at Subaru’s chest.
Beatrice:「Idiot! That doesn’t mean you can pick me up like a baby, I suppose! Get down, in fact!」
Subaru:「It was just on the spur of the moment…」
As he held Beatrice within his arms, Subaru gently leaned his body back. He doesn’t know what’s happening, Beatrice’s alertness was the only thing he had to work from. In preparation for that, he tried to think, but it was too late.
―Immediately afterwards, a terrible sense of pressure emanated from above them; Subaru held his breath.
The source of that pressure came ever closer with ferocity, and in the next moment something blasted towards Subaru, right in front of his eyes― a violent quake shook the enormous tower, Subaru was almost blown away by the shockwave which raised sand and dust up. He would have probably been thrown about over and over if not for Gyan’s enormous frame just behind them. Protected by the weight of the earth dragon and the dragon carriage, Subaru desperately pushed his eyes open in the midst of the sandstorm that was blowing against him.
And then, on the other side of the smoke plume, from where the impact had been which had been, the cloud of sand and dust that had risen up abruptly cleared. Something like a gust of wind tore through the smoke, and soon after from the other side, a majestic figure of a person could be seen. Tearing through the dense sandy haze which had enveloped them, the person’s figure started to become visible. Subaru’s cheeks stiffened, he was frozen in place.
That figure, their appearance, he recognised it.
Subaru:「Are you…?」
A tall woman was walking briskly across the hard floor, stepping ever closer to him. Her brown, moreso black, hair was tied up into a ponytail, she was marching forward boldly, her limbs, belly and back were exposed by her clothing, it’s safe to say that she was half-naked. Her chest and crotch area were just barely covered up, and she donned a black mantle over her clothes. She was a person who wore rather odd clothing.
In Subaru-speak, she looked like a nympho who was donning her mantle over a black bikini top and hot pants.
Long, slender, white arms and legs, along with large breasts which were liberally swinging about. She was around the same height as Subaru, maybe a little taller. A handsome face sat on top of her white shoulders, she was quite the looker, with eyes that albeit languid, were rather striking.
―That was definitely the last thing he saw before he had lost consciousness.
She was the one who had attacked and slaughtered the centaur without mercy. And those countless flashes of light that she had launched towards the centaur was something Subaru knew only too well.
Subaru:「…Are you the『Sage』？」
???:「――――」
Feeling how parched his throat was, Subaru hoarsely raised this question to the woman who was approaching him in silence,. However, the woman did not deign to answer Subaru until she came right up to where he was stood, she stopped herself in her tracks at a spot where if Subaru were to stretch out his arm he’d be able to touch her, she was just… looking at him intently.
Her gaze felt as if she was scrutinising his entire body, honestly, it made Subaru feel quite uneasy. He hadn’t even heard the voice of this person, but her strength was such that she had made short work in burying the centaur that had attacked him, it was at an inhumane level.Make one bad move and this peculiar person would instantly turn you into nothing more than charcoal. He can’t really figure out what her attitude was showing, all he knew from that was that the only emotion he can feel about her right now was fear.
???:「――――」
In Subaru’s arms, Beatrice’s body remained unchanging, as she clung onto him tightly. Even in her, anxiety starts to seep throughout her small body. At least, he was lucky enough for the circumstances to have allowed him to come across Beatrice. In the worst case, it wouldn’t be impossible that they’d have to get into another fight. Of course, there was no need to come to the point of initiating a fight for the sake of it. He shouldn’t be all willy-nilly about such an exertion.
Subaru:「Are- Are you… listening? Hey, um, I heard my friends are being looked after, you don’t intend to become hostile or stuff to us… right?」
???:「――――」
Subaru:「Um, your silence is making me anxious, if you could say something… or perhaps do you communicate with something like telepathy, rather than words? If it’s that, that’s gonna be a bother! Hahaha.」
???:「――――」
Staring at him, the presumed『Sage』did not reply to Subaru’s words, she just continued to stare. He felt extremely uneasy. The extent to Subaru’s bewilderment and confusion could be seen from the confusion in his way of speaking. If things stay like this, they’d end up being killed by the uneasiness itself.
―Suddenly though, Subaru’s anxiety was torn away.
???:「…Three」
Subaru:「Eh?」
???:「――――」
While staring at Subaru, the woman suddenly muttered something that way. Her voice was a little husky, but if he could continue to listen to it, he could probably say that the huskiness in her voice was quite beautiful. However, it was relatively mysterious, with unreadable emotions coming from the voice of the woman who stood in front of his eyes; he thought there was a faint charm to it. In front of Subaru, the woman sighed quietly,
???:「Well, that’s no problem. More importantly, I found you.」
Subaru:「Uhh… Eh？」
Swiftly, the woman’s expression changed, and she blurted out something. Her serious attitude had looked, until then, as if she was trying to peer inside of Subaru, but slowly, and steadily, time passed, as if it something frozen was melting away. The woman’s lips then spread to the sides, forming a shape which you could call a smile. The woman stared at Subaru and said…
???:「―Master.」
Subaru:「…Wha？」
She uttered a word which he had never heard being said to him before, and emotions which seemed to come out of absolutely nowhere. Subaru turned to look behind him, in mute astonishment at her unexpected outburst. As expected, there was only Gyan’s figure there. Then… was Gyan the aforementioned Master?
Subaru:「Did you come here to suddenly setup important character flags!?」
Beatrice:「I don’t think it’s that, I suppose! Look at the facts, in fact!」
Subaru drew nearer to Gyan as Beatrice grew angrier, still in his arms. Even though her words were reasonable, Subaru couldn’t wrap his head around it. Instead, he turned around to face the woman, still standing there as if nothing had happened, without having a clue what had been said,
Subaru:「Wait, no, my bad, but perhaps you’re mistaking me for someone else or something like that… mmmmph!?」
???:「Master! Jeeeeeeeez! I have beeeen waiting~!」
In the middle of his words, the woman jumps emotionally and embraces him with her arms. Rather than receiving her tackle in full as she came barging in, he was pushed down. Letting out a shriek,「Mkyaaaa」, Beatrice fell from his back, onto the floor. The woman, bouncing in joy, doesn’t detach herself from Subaru, who was darting his eyes back and forth in confusion.
The woman swished her long ponytail about, and while hugging Subaru with unnatural strength, she kept repeating over and over with delight in her voice:
???:「Master! Master! It has been so long! I missed you so much! I thought that my life was gonna be just meee shooting those approaching here!」
Subaru:「W-Wait! Wait wait! What!? What are you talking about!?」
Shaula:「How crueeel! Master ordered me, no? You said to stop anyone from getting near to the shrine… well, as for the means, well, that’s a different matter, buuuut」
Subaru:「Not that… I’m your Master…? What are you insinuating!?」
He was pressed against her soft skin, but he had no time to enjoy that lucky lewd encounter. Subaru desperately tried to escape from her clutches. However, there’s a saying that goes that women will always be women after all, and she doesn’t let go of Subaru. As a result, Beatrice ended up being sandwiched between Subaru and the woman on the floor.
Subaru:「Anyways, let go of me, you… This is ridiculous…!」
???:「No way! There’s absolutely no waaaaaay! As soon as you say that, you’ll disappear again as soon as I lose sight of you! Master hasn’t chaaanged at all!」
Subaru:「I don’t know what you’re on about!!」
The stubborn woman clung to Subaru as if she had gone through some sort of trauma. Whilst he roughly pushed her face away, trying to keep her away, Subaru snapped back at her.
Subaru:「In the first place, who are you?! What’s with all this!」
Shaula:「What are you even saying?! I’m Shaulaaa! The Star-Keeper of the Pleiades Watchtower! I am Master’s cute apprentice, Shaulaaa!」
Subaru:「I don’t remember you what so ever―!」
A woman―called Shaula, who’s name was supposed to be that of the『Sage』of the tower. The great so called『Sage』in the Pleiades Watchtower could not be such a strange woman who doesn’t know such thing. Subaru firmly objected to this idea. However, in this place where there was no such thing as progress, a sudden interruption came about. That was…
Emilia:「―Oh no! Oh no! When I woke up Subaru wasn’t there! I need to hurry and tell everyone, we have to go look for him…」
Subaru:「Ah.」
Having said that, a sleepy-looking Emilia jumped out of the dragon carriage’s door. Exiting the carriage she found Subaru and Shaula entwined with each other. Of course, Beatrice was there too, her eyes widened as she saw the two.
Subaru:「Emilia…Tan! Thank goodness you woke up! This is actually…」
Emilia:「Hey!」
Subaru:「That hurts!? Emilia-tan, what was that kick for!?」
Emilia:「I really am not sure, but I was reaaaaaally upset there!」
With Emilia awake, the shouting and yelling continued for a while―. Eventually, when Julius noticed the noise and joined up with them, the hard battle with the (assumed)『Sage』of the Pleiades Watchtower continued.


Chapter 19
At the unforeseen fight against heavy odds, spread out were the winds of the aftermath of the battle at the sixth floor of the Pleiades Watchtower.
An enshrouding cloud of dust, the man and woman grappling with each other were covered in sweat and mud.
And, looking at those two with cold eyes, from every other direction――.
Subaru: “What’s with that look in your eyes!? You’re saying that I’ve… That I’ve done something wrong!? I’ve done nothing wrong, I’ve done nothing wrong――!!”
Julius: “Subaru, don’t try to fool us so much.”
Ram: “There are some good sides to him is what Ram thought, but in the end, Barusu is Barusu.”
Those were the comments made by the newly-arrived Julius and Ram in regards to Subaru, who had been grabbed by Shaula.
Regardless,
Julius: “We were fortunate to be able to reunite safe and sound. It’s also good news that you woke up, but…… the situation is difficult to comprehend unless you explain it with words.”
Subaru: “I would if it was something I could explain…… shit! Let go!”
Shaula: “No~pe~!”
Seeing Shaula clinging to Subaru’s arms, Julius, whose hand was at the grip of his sword, shrugged his shoulders. He must have perceived that she didn’t have any intentions of attacking them. Even Subaru understood that point, but it was true that he was having a hard time trying to get her away. 
Subaru: “Don’t just watch, help me get her off……! She has goddamn super-human strength……”
Ram: “Your lips are curving into a smile, Pervusu.”
Subaru: “They’re not, don’t team up with her! Don’t take it at face value! Emilia-tan, that hurts! I don’t think it’ll be too much of a help if you pull my hair!?”
Emilia: “Ah, I’m sorry. I wasn’t trying to help you, at all.”
Subaru: “You’re apologizing for that!?”
The stubborn Shaula did not let go of Subaru’s arm, and Emilia, with a somewhat blank expression, continued pulling Subaru’s hair. Aside from that, Beatrice, who got trapped between the jostling Subaru and Shaula, was turning her eyes in all directions, in a state of being crushed, saying “Kiyyuu”.
Anastasia: “What’s this….. Even after all that trouble, seems it’s all been changin’ into a pretty good mood.”
Meili: “What’s onii-san doing just after waking u~p? I don’t do well with noisiness, but I’m gla~d onii-san woke up.”
Having slowly come down the stairs, Anastasia and Meili had also joined up with them. With this, all except Rem and Patrasche, who were supposed to be undergoing their treatment, had gathered here.
It was all well and good that they’d been able to reunite, but at this rate they wouldn’t be able to calm down and have a proper conversation.
Subaru: “A-ny-way! Everyone, calm down! ――Let’s talk!”

  ※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
  Overworking his throat after just waking up, Subaru managed to get everyone to follow his lead, as he tried to take control of the situation.
With that being said, within the group sitting in a circle, Shaula kept latching onto Subaru’s right arm, and on his left was Emilia, sitting seiza style, at a distance enough to make him shiver. And Beatrice was settled on his lap; it would be an extremely extravagant battle formation in the eyes of an outsider.
Ram: “Repulsive.”
Subaru: “Did you even see the disaster a minute ago? Does it look to you that I wanted this to happen to my right side? My bones hurt real bad. At this rate, my arm’s gonna necrotise.”
Saying that to Ram, who‘d spat those words out, Subaru looked at his constricted right arm.
Being hugged by a half-naked girl, would be a dream-like experience for many, but in reality, rather than experiencing the softness of her skin, the flesh of his arm that had been squeezed and the pain of his joints that went to the limits had a scary effect on his bones and nerves. Frankly speaking, they could have been torn off. 
Subaru: “Well then, before my arm gets torn off from its roots I would like to proceed with the conversation, but…… before that, first of all, everyone, thank goodness you’re all alright. Though it’s scary that Patrasche and Rem are unconfirmed……”
Beatrice: “You’re still being doubtful, I suppose. It’s alright, in fact. Everyone is alright, I suppose.”
Julius: “It is just as Beatrice-sama says, though your uneasiness and concern are justified. You can properly visit them afterwards. ――As you’d expect, this time we were all scared to death.”
Beatrice and Julius nodded at Subaru, who was delighted at their reunion.
Julius, once again, put on a grim expression on his face, as if reflecting back upon the moment straight after they had been separated back at the sand sea,
Julius: “Immediately after the space fissured, all of us, except for you, Anastasia-sama and Miss Ram, fell onto the other side into the flower garden of the Witchbeasts, you see. There, after many twists and turns, we arrived at the Watchtower and were able to get shelter.”
Meili: “Bu~t, onii-san and the others weren’t there, and since we knew they couldn’t fight, we were worrie~d.”
Julius traced Beatrice’s earlier explanation, and Meili agreed as well, pouting.
Their uneasiness was only a matter of course as well. When they had fallen into the underground area of the sand sea, Subaru and the rest had been outside and disappeared, which had made them worry, though that went for both sides.
Meili: “Onee-san really lost her composure. We had a tough time when she snapped a~t that Sage-san. Such that, when thinking back to it now, it sends shivers down my spi~ne.”
Emilia: “Hey, Meili. You don’t have to say all that.”
At Meili’s flirtatious glance unsuitable for her age, Emilia objected, her face going red. Her comments were no exaggeration: that could be easily understood by looking at Emilia, who was blushing all the way up to her ears.
Though imprudent, he was genuinely happy to see her worry for him.
Subaru: “I see~ I see~, so Emilia-tan was worried. It looks like Beako was worried to the point of crying her eyes out as well, I’m such a lucky guy.”
Emilia: “Geez, Subaru, joking about again like that…… Also, Beatrice wouldn’t have cried her eyes out. Just around half of that. Yeah that’s right.”
Beatrice: “If you want to look out for others then do it properly till the very end, in fact, you natural airhead……!”
Emilia: “――?”
With the truth that she’d been driven to tears exposed, Beatrice pouted while Emilia remained clueless. Loosening his cheeks at that pleasant exchange, Subaru looked up at Julius.
Subaru: “If that’s so, then you must have had gotten pretty worried too, isn’t it. It’s unfortunate I couldn’t see that expression of yours.”
Julius: “Of course, I was greatly agitated. Regardless of you, because of Anastasia-sama and miss Ram. It was regretful to lose the two frail ladies somewhere beyond reach. Without showing you all my form of having a pale face and walking about in worry, currently I am only experiencing relief in my fragile spirit.”
Subaru: “Why’d you make a conversation about you getting scared so graceful?”
Subaru twisted his lips at Julius, who was touching his bangs as if out of habit, with a bittersweet smile on his face. 
Without him putting up a strong front, and without even showing a weak side of his, it was an absolutely boring result. With that, Meili started laughing lightly at the exchange of the two.
When they questioned her by merely gesturing through their eyes, she placed her braided hair against her mouth, and
Meili: “Oh it’s nothi~ng.”
And, she deceived them with a smile which seemingly held deep meaning.
Subaru: “Well, from this I get that everyone who got separated was worried for us. Nobody is missing in the end, so it’s something which we can look back on and smile now.”
Ram: “Only Barusu can be so boldly shameless. Even now, Ram’s petite figure and soft heart is about to break apart with uneasiness and fear just by thinking about it.”
Subaru: “Is the nee-sama who, among all the people I know, the one which seems to have the toughest heart, saying something?”
The truth is, amongst all of Subaru’s acquaintances, Ram was the one who wielded the utmost mental strength. Her remarks seemed to be a silly joke as if a matter of course, but he ended up intently looking at Ram’s face, who was sitting right in front of him.
White skin with light crimson eyes. And of course well ordered facial features, along with refreshing beauty. Beautiful facial features like a suspicious berry found in the valley of sweetness and elegance. No matter how you look at her, she was the same Ram as always.
Ram: “――Put an end to that unpleasant gaze. Looking so intently, what do you want?”
Subaru: “Well, I was just thinking that you’re really Ram.”
Ram: “This is totally hopeless now, isn’t it?”
Subaru: “Stop making judgements without any proper subjects! Not that, I mean……”
Subaru replied in a flummoxed manner back at Ram who’d cut off and cast aside Subaru’s words.
The incident that had occurred just before he had lost his consciousness in the underground area came up in his mind―― Ram had protected Subaru with her injured body by standing in front of the Centaur.
Her delicate figure seen from the back, which had been peppered with wounds, had faced that formidable enemy without any prospects of victory. Back then, he’d felt the terror of losing her, seeing her figure that showed no fear of being wounded; and now, both of them had made it back alive safely. 
He’d realised that fact by talking with the usually fearless her. 
Subaru: “Sure enough, there’s still this sense of distance between us. It did get strangely loathsome and worse, but when I think back on it, that too was…….No, that still shouldn’t be a good memory to reflect back on.”
Ram: “I don’t understand what you’re trying to grumble out. Spit it all out. Like a man.”
Subaru: ““I’m glad we’re both safe” is what I mean. Plus, I’m also glad you protected and saved me at the end there.”
Ram: “……That was a waste of time.”
Subaru: “How can you say that!?”
Even though he’d honestly expressed his gratitude, it meant absolutely zilch to her.
Following that, Emilia let out a stifled giggle seeing Subaru get miffed like that.
Emilia: “It’s okay, Subaru. It’s just because Ram’s a little embarrassed.”
Subaru: “Nee-sama’s embarassed……? Wouldn’t the heavens and earth switching places be more believable?”
Emilia: “N-not really. Perhaps it’s because you kept hugging Ram till she woke up, so she’s like to be embarrassed. Even when separated, ‘twas rough.”
Ram: “Emilia-sama!”
Emilia, had secretly whispered that into his ear, but Ram had reacted angrily to her words. She raised her eyes up unusually in anger as if she’d read Emilia’s lips or something, 
Ram: “I think it would be better that you didn’t judge things using your own criteria. Because I don’t think I want to work for a dunderhead who doesn’t understand people’s feelings.”
Emilia: “……When you say “dunderhead”, you aren’t referring to me right?”
Ram: “I’m not. Emilia-sama, you do properly think about people’s feelings, if there’s anyone who’s got nothing to do with being a dunderhead, it would be you; it’d be so ridiculous of me to say otherwise.”
Emilia: “I see. Erm, wait up, let me think for a bit.”
Emilia began to brood in earnest thought at what Ram had said, whose words had been plastered with great sarcasm. Meanwhile, Ram glared at Subaru with a glint in her eye as sharp as a blade, and then stirred her lips into speech, saying, “Forget this.”
Subaru reflexively nodded at her threatening attitude. When he’d woken up, he remembered that there’d been the traces of someone who’d been lying on the bed together with him. He’d thought for sure it’d been Beatrice, but it seemed like according to what she’d said now, it――.
Subaru: “Uh-oh, I’ve forgotten it, I’ve forgotten it. I said I’ve forgotten it.”
Ram: “Good. You’re not a dunderhead….. Emilia-sama. Let’s leave it here.”
Emilia: “Ergh, has it come to Ram gradually becoming more outspoken about me..….?”
Emilia looked at her with reproach, but Ram turned her aside with a look of feigned ignorance.  
In any case, Subaru turned his eyes away from Ram, who seemed like she didn’t want to touch on this subject anymore, and looked towards the last of his companions, at Anastasia. 
She sat beside Julius, fiddling with her Pon-Pons that adorned her hat as usual. But, when she noticed Subaru’s gaze, she gave him a graceful smile. 
Anastasia: “Aah, so yer done talkin’? Natsuki-kun, I thought yer’d forgotten about me.”
Subaru: “I hope you can forgive me for my ego in prioritising my own. I’m glad that you’re safe too. Speaking of the last battle in the underground area, I haven’t got a clue about what happened after”
Anastasia: “Are you goin’ ta make me remember those scary thoughts where I too was thrown down into that pitch black darkness? Natsuki-kun ‘n Ram-san, ‘n…… Ah, ‘n Patrasche-chan were fightin’ their damndest, so the Witchbeast was ignorin’ me. I wasn’t of any use there, but I was goin’ to be of use for the negotiations.”
Subaru: “Negotiations?”
Anastasia: “With the “Sage-san” who helped us, ya know.”
Anastasia pointed at Shaula, who was still nestling her face against Subaru’s right arm. 
When he heard negotiations with this, Subaru frowned, but Anastasia gave him a wry smile.
Anastasia: “Ahnono, we’re also quite confused. ‘Cause, she wouldn’ answer anythin’ till only a few minutes ago regardless of me pushin’ ‘n pullin’ her, but with you Natsuki-kun, she’s madly in love.”
Subaru: “She wouldn’t speak with you? This thing?”
Shaula: “It’s not this thing, it’s Shaula. Master~”
Subaru: “Shut up……”
Subaru responded dejectedly at Shaula getting miffed, and Anastasia shrugging her shoulders. 
Certainly, when he only looked at the situation, she had barely said a single word to Anastasia and the rest. However, she’d been nattering away at Subaru. So in reality, just about everything of this situation was unexpected. 
Subaru: “When someone suddenly nestles over to you with 100 Favourability, even if they happen to be a beautiful woman, this one’s Favourability is zero, so it isn’t something worth me getting perplexed over……”
Shaula: “――! Just now, did you say that I’m a beautiful woman!?”
Subaru: “You sure have sharp ears when it suits you, HEY!”
Once again, Subaru tried to push Shaula’s head off with his empty left hand. However, the more he struggled to do that, the more Shaula’s strength increased, eventually leading Subaru to give in.
In the end, the out of breath Subaru shook his head, saying, “It can’t be helped” with Shaula still clinging to his right arm. 
Subaru: “For now, let’s put off all these trivial matters and talk about what should be talked about. I don’t want us to keep going around and around in circles with a lack of explanation. I want you to tell us about various things.”
Shaula: “Suuuuuure thing, if it’s something Master has to say, then let’s hop to it!” 
Julius: “Indeed, your collaboration is a great help. So, I wish to ask about this. You are the “Sage” who retired to this Pleiades Watchtower…. Is my understanding correct?” 
Shaula: *Turning away SFX*
Subaru: “Answer him! Didn’t you just say you’d talk!”
Quite in contrast to her friendly smile, Shaula turned her face away sharply from Julius’ question. Straight after Subaru got pissed off at her poor attitude, Shaula turned her pouting face towards him. 
Shaula: “Mymy, what happened Master. Master didn’t you hammer it into me not to tell, speak or say anything unnecessary to anyone no matter what they ask. I’m just loyally abiding by what you told meeeee. I can’t believe you’re angry! I’m gonna file a case against you!”
Subaru: “Your Master is absolutely awful!”
Shaula: “Yeah, yeah. Master’s suuuuch an awful person. I should demand an apology from him, and for him to deeply reflect on himself.”
Subaru: “So, calling people Master Master as you please is just……. Huh, Emilia-tan, what’s with those eyes?”
Emilia had narrowed her round eyes at Subaru and Shaula’s strange spiel. Subaru braced himself in case it was another inexplicable outburst, but Emilia continued by saying, “Well,” 
Emilia: “It may not really be a big deal, but…… How can I explain it. Isn’t the way you both talk quite similar?”
Subaru: “Does it look like I’m talking with such a chavvish tone!?”
Emilia: “That’s not what I mean, the expressions you both use is what I meant. You see, you always joke about even during serious conversations, right? That’s the feeling I’m getting.”
Subaru: “You think of me like that!?”
Subaru was horrified by that completely unexpected evaluation of hers, but Emilia paid no heed to him. On the contrary, 
Julius: “Hmmm…..Surely now that you mention it.”
Ram: “Barusu’s typical conversational ability? There’s trouble lying in wait ahead, then.”
Meili: “But I really li~ke Onii-san’s way of talking?”
Anastasia: “Though, everyone’s got some manner that sits heavy on yer stomach, dont’cha think?”
Subaru’s mouth gaped wide open as everyone appended their own evaluations on top of each other. However, a little girl had furiously lost her temper in Subaru’s stead―― And that girl had been Beatrice.
Beatrice: “Really, don’t go saying just whatever you feel like, I suppose. Not only are all of you acting way too familiar with Subaru, you’re also acting far too clingy ever since a while ago, in fact. How hard you think this is for Betty, despite taking Subaru’s hand, I suppose! It’s unfair, in fact!”
The topic had changed quite a bit midway, but Beatrice’s had a gleeful disposition to her. However, Shaula turned Beatrice’s protests aside, with a look on her face that a beautiful girl shouldn’t be making. 
Beatrice’s already lacking amount of patience reached its limit when she saw Shaula’s complete lack of concern completely expressed on merely her face. 
However, before that, Subaru’s karate chop hit Shaula square on her forehead.  
Subaru: “That’s enough!”
Shaula: “Ow…. Though it doesn’t actually hurt, isn’t that abuse!? It is abuse…..! Master used violence against meeeee! I’ll be seeing you in court!”
Subaru: “Pipe down! You can speak with other people properly from now on! Or this talk will go nowhere!”
Shaula: “……Would that be okay?”
Subaru: “Yes it would! Rather, I recommend it! It’s about time for you to start speaking seriously!”
Shaula’s face turned to one of complete surprise towards the frowning Subaru’s complaints. And then, little by little, her facial expression changed, first surprise, then comprehension, then assent, and finally deep gratitude.   
Then, she said, 
Shaula: “Yippeeeee! Yaaaaay~! I got permission to taaalk! Now I don’t have to play the act of the deeply mysterious femme fatal anymore~! Hip, Hip, Hoooooray!”
Subaru: “Now not even a fragment of it is left behind when it comes to that factor!!”
Her face was lit up in a deep smile, if she had a tail, she’d probably be wagging it around in full swing. 
Though as a matter of fact, Shaula’s ponytail was swinging about in delight as she still held on tightly onto his arm, with her ponytail smacking against his forehead, his cheeks, and god knows what else repeatedly. 

  ※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
  Subaru: “――So, it’s okay to say that you’re the “Sage” from the rumours, right?”
The racket had died down for a bit, and finally, they’d truly reached the discourse that they should have undertaken before said racket.   
Shaula, who’d let go of Subaru’s right arm, was sitting cross-legged in the middle of the group, now sat in a circle, surrounding her. Incidentally, his right arm had become numb, and he couldn’t raise it. Nor would it move. 
Shaula: “――――”
Subaru: “Answer me. You’re the “Sage” right?”
Shaula: “Hmm~ The answer to that question is difficult.”
Having been greeted with silence to his question Subaru had once again repeated the same query. Following that, Shaula replied vaguely, putting on a sour expression as if she’d ate a pickled plum.
Subaru frowned on receiving that answer, revealing his bewilderment. However, it was Emilia who raised her hand up, in place of him. She spoke out, prefacing her words with, “In which case”
Emilia: “Setting aside whether you’re the “Sage” …….. The one they say guarded the Sand Dunes all this time inside of this tower would be you, right?”
Shaula: “Ah, that’s meeeee for sure. For 400 years, every single day forever and eeeever guarding the midst of this sand, and each barren day I’ve spent would be something that would make both the one reciting it, and the one hearing it cry..…..!”
Emilia: “Poor thing……tch“
Subaru: “Emilia-tan, don’t get affected by it. And you as well, don’t go exchanging unnecessary feelings.”
The empathetic Emilia’s eyes teared over at Shaula who gave her response as she shook her fist. As he calmed Emilia down, Subaru, based off Shaula’s current answer, exchanged looks with Julius.   
Julius gave a nod at that exchange of looks, and took charge of the conversation, speaking out a: “So,”
Julius: “Would I be right in recognising you as having bore the burden of working as a “Sage” for 400 years, as is typically well-known? Shaula-sama.”
Shaula: “You’re making me blush, attaching stuff like “Sama”. I’m not used to it, so you can address me without using any honorifics like normal. Using Shaula-sama……Dhehehe”
Julius: “Then, I shall correct myself. Surely the one that is typically known as the “Sage” is you? Shaula.”
Shaula: “Weell, I’m not so sure about that? Even if that’s what’s typically said, I don’t ever leave the tower, so I don’t know anything about rumours from the outside. It feels unexpectedly strange, doesn’t it? Like I’mmmmm being called a “Sage.” “
Shaula’s facial expression, which had been completely at ease, completely changed to one tinged in thoughtfulness, and the atmosphere did too.  Julius also narrowed his eyes, facing the depth of her gaze which seemed like it was searching for that. 
Her current remark wasn’t the kind which you could ignore, even if you weren’t Julius. Because, what if Shaula’s words were the truth…
Julius: “If you aren’t the “Sage” , then it’d turn out that the legend of the “Sage” Shaula is a completely incorrect rumour. Or, is it saying that there’s a Shaula who’s considered to be a “Sage” besides you?”
Shaula: “The “Sage” Shaula from those rumours is someone I’m not aware of, buuuuut, as far as I know, there’s no acquaintance of mine named Shaula other than meeeeee. I was given this name from Master as well, so Master must’ve given it just to me…..Buuut”
Shaula’s gaze had fleetingly turned towards Subaru, but Subaru hadn’t ever named anyone Shaula in the first place, nothing nor nobody. 
However, it was a fact that there was a certain ring to the name,  “Shaula” . Shaula too was the name of a star, it was the star name that formed Scorpius―― and its meaning was “The Stinger” .
Naturally, his thoughts extended to the true colours behind the white rays of light which had been fired from the Watchtower, however, when it came to getting that information out her, he wouldn’t mind postponing it until later. Right now, what had to take priority was a different issue.  
Shaula: “Since Master seems like he has no clue, Shaula is just myyyyyy name of course. Master gave that name just to meeeee…… There’s no need for any other Shaulas.”
Julius: “I see. You seem to be really fond of that Master. ――Must’ve been a sinful guy, huh.”
Subaru: “Quit looking at me when saying that. Those are false accusations. Innocence presumed.”
Ram: “”Guilty as proven”….. That’s what I think.”
Subaru: “Don’t you take pride in being a lawful nation!?”
Setting aside the interruption, he couldn’t catch any glimpses of there being a lie in what Shaula was saying. If that was the case, then was she different to the one from the legends? 
Suddenly, Anastasia started to rummage through her chest pocket, without any consideration for the individuals conversing with each other. Then, lo and behold, she pulled some coins out from her purse for some reason or other. 
Subaru: “Don’t tell me…… you’re suddenly counting your money?”
Anastasia: “Even though it’s my hobby, ‘n feelin’ my change makes me work better when I’m deep in thought….. That ain’t my intention. Here ya go, you’ll get what I mean when ya properly see the coins of the Kingdom.”
Saying that, Anastasia tossed the coins on her palm over at the befuddled Subaru. He hurriedly caught them; what she’d thrown over to him were 4 coins: a copper coin, a silver coin, a gold coin and a holy gold coin. 
There was probably no way that it could be something like a bribe for Shaula, or an alternative of a tip. Making sure to check the coins as she had told him to, Subaru noticed the designs engraved into them.  
He hadn’t really taken a good look at their money up until now, but――.
Subaru: “So it’s common just about everywhere to engrave pictures and designs and stuff on money. How strange.”
Anastasia: “I don’t see what’s strange about it? We’ve gotta know from where the money comes from….. Besides, it’s ‘cause money always comes with the history of its country. That’s why stuff that’s intrinsic ta the country’s history is engraved on it.”
Subaru: “Hmmmm……?”
Subaru turned his attention to the engravings on the coins whilst he listened to Anastasia’s explanation. And when he looked closely…, I see, the coins each have different designs engraved on them――. 
Emilia: “The Holy Gold Coins have the “Divine Dragon” , the Gold Coins have the “First Generation Sword Saint” , the Silver Coins have the “Sage” and the Copper Coins have  “Lugnica’s Royal Castle” on them. Didn’t you know?”
Subaru: “E-Emilia-tan is speaking like a super-learned character with what she’s saying……!”
Emilia: “Or more so, it’s obvious stuff I’d say. Were you so unaware when you were shopping that you never looked at the money properly?”
Subaru whistled innocently, covering his tracks, at Emilia’s painful inquiry. And just after he checked them as he did that, the engravings on the money were exactly as she’d seemed to explain them.  
A Dragon was engraved on the Holy Gold Coin, a man with a sharp look was engraved on the Gold Coin, the Royal Castle was engraved on the Copper Coin, and finally, engraved on the Silver Coin was a…
Subaru: “A young, handsome dude, I guess. They don’t bear the slightest resemblance to Shaula.”
Beatrice: “But, the guy on this drawing is what appears as Shaula to the world, in fact.”
A handsome man with long hair, and intrepid features was carved there on the coin. Naturally, even if you were to try and change the angle of it, it seemed unlikely that they’d be mistaken as a half-naked hottie of a woman. 
Shaula herself was pestering him with a  “Lemme see!”, so he handed the coin over to her. When he did so, she gazed at the Silver Coin close up, and said, 
Shaula: “Heeh, rather well made huh? It looks exactly like Master.”
Subaru: “Where are you seeing that!? Ah, no, if the “Sage” that’s engraved there is your Master, then what do you mean by me resembling the Master inside your memories?”
Shaula “Geez, what are you talking about? Myyyy Master is the only Master.”
Subaru: “So, let me restate myself once again. WHERE ARE YOU SEEING THAT!?”
He cleared his throat, and shouted at the top of his lungs at Shaula, who was comparing him with the design that was engraved on the Silver Coin. Even if they differed in hairdo, their expression and in the first place even their race seemed to be different. The thing they matched in was their gender it seemed. Were he to judge it only by the category of having a good-looking face, then Julius would be much closer than Subaru was to it. 
However, Shaula looked at him with dissatisfaction, saying “Eeeeeh” to Subaru’s opinion.
Shaula: “Looks fairly accurate from what I can seeeee. You have hair, two eyes, two ears, and a nose and mouth.”
Subaru: “That sort of level!? Aren’t you complimenting it like a preschooler’s portrait!?”
Emilia: “I guess that I too still don’t think that Subaru and this Sage resemble each other…”
Though Shaula had grown sulky, Subaru’s verdict, and of course, Emilia’s outed it. Their verdicts were reasonable. However, Shaula still didn’t look convinced,   
Shaula: “It’s because I’mmmm not very good at comparing people’s faces. Men and women are just about different, but after that, isn’t stuff roughly the same? ……. After that, it’d come down to size, wouldn’t it?”
Beatrice: “She looked at Betty right now and came out with that, I suppose, this woman.”
Subaru: “It’s okay, since Beako being cute and small is unique. Putting that aside, you have such a sense of telling beauty and yet you call me, out of all people, your Master. You’re mistaking me completely for someone else!”
Taking advantage of Shaula’s excuse, Subaru shook off some of the dishonour he’d accrued so far from the false accusations. It had been a ridiculous suggestion in the first place. Of course, he didn’t even need to consider it, Subaru had nothing in common with Shaula, and that was a relief.  
Or so he thought, but Shaula shook her head at that, and said,
Shaula: “Ah. Meeee having found Master wasn’t a question about appearance, so there’s no issue with that.”
Subaru: “Not about appearance, you say, then how did you find out? By aura?”
Shaula: “Your smell.”
Subaru: “――――”
Shaula: “Well no, I mean, I can’t think of anyone except Master who’d let such a dark, pungent smell, to the point that my nose seems to scrunch up, hang off from them.”
Subaru: “Honestly, that the first time I’ve had my feelings hurt like that! What, am I that bad!?”
When that keyword, smell, had come out, Subaru had readied himself up for just a moment. However, his readiness was shattered in one blow by Shaula’s choice of words straight after.
Shaula had a mystified look to her set towards Subaru, whose face had turned red at her unexpected evaluation. 
Shaula: “Why did you get mad? Ah, is it because I said “pungent”? It’s fine! Master’s smell is really bad, but it’s the type of smell I wanna keep smelling and smelling! It’s that of the unusual cooking variety, not the sort that makes you spew, so it’s cool!”
Subaru: “Girls don’t say “spew” and “it’s cool” together! You didn’t need to follow it up after that!”
Subaru covered his face with his palm, about to break down crying on the spot, feeling rather ashamed. 
Subaru: “Urghh…… I thought I’d just about gotten used to people saying that, but being humiliated like this is far too much. What did I ever do to you…..”
Emilia: “I-it’s okay, Subaru. I perfectly understand. So, shall we bathe properly afterwards? “
Subaru: “Perfectly understand it my ass!”
The anguishedly, dented Subaru had become useless. Beatrice let out a sigh as she looked ath Emilia consoling him from the side. And then, she grabbed ahold of Subaru’s underarm, and leaned her weight on his back,
Beatrice: “I understand the reason why you mistook Subaru as a complete stranger, I suppose.”
Shaula: “I haven’t mistook him. You sure are impertinent for a lil’ ankle-biter, arentcha?”
Beatrice: “Sorry, but that lil’ ankle-biter is your precious Master’s partner, in fact. Oops, you mistook him for someone else, so he isn’t actually your master or anything. Pardon me, in fact.”
Shaula: “――――”
Beatrice: “――――”
Silently, sparks from their gazes flew up between Beatrice and Shaula.
The subject of their talk had ended up completely scattered all over the place, but even if they tried to get it back on track, the people they had who’d  put the conversation back on course were too few. Given the situation, the face of common sense would get the short end of that stick. 
Ram: “Beatrice-sama, let’s leave the strife until after we’re done. After our important discussion, you’ll be free to decide who owns Barusu.”
Beatrice: “Subaru isn’t owned by anyone, I suppose. That is the point, in fact.”
Ram: “……Yeah, yeah.”
Ram let herself take in Beatrice’s anger whilst her eyes filled with shock. And after she replied, Ram narrowed her eyes and called out to Shaula, who was still looking at Beatrice with a thorny look in her eyes.    
Ram: “In any case, if you could speak to us, then that would be a godsend. Up until now, you couldn’t go along with having a serious conversation with us, but don’t you think now would be okay to do so?”
Shaula: “Mhm, I have Master’s permission, so that would be OK. Saying that though, even I’mmmm not so nice as to answer absolutely everything. Or rather, I should say I don’t know that much stuff.”
Ram: “Merely that answers makes it clear to me that you being called the Sage is a mistake.”
Proudly puffing out her ample chest, Shaula unabashedly declared her ignorance all the more. Ram puffed out her small chest as if she were rivalling Shaula’s. She snorted her nose showing an air of superiority more than anyone else here.   
Ram: “You’re Shaula, but not the “Sage” . Then, I wonder, do the “Sword Saint” and  “Divine Dragon” ring a bell?”
Shaula: “Sword Saiiin’ and Divine Draagon?”
Ram: “Their names are Reid and Volcanica.”
Shaula: “Ewwwww!”
Shaula stuck her tongue out at Ram’s question with a face that looked like she’d chewed something sour.
It was easy enough to understand from her response that both of those names rang a bell. When Ram silently urged that knowledge out of her, Shaula rocked her body from left to right, still sat cross legged, and said,
Shaula: “I know them. The Stick Swinger Reid, and the Cynic Volcanica are old friends of mine. I haven’t at all seen them since we parted, but they must be doing great, right?”
Ram: “One of them…. Reid is dead; a long time ago.”
Shaula: “Seriously!? He’s dead, even though he was a guy who was nigh unkillable!? How did he die!? Did he eat something strange!?”
Ram: “His lifespan. No one can go against the decree of the heavens above.”
Shaula: “His life span……. Ah, I see. That’s right. Reid was a human being, wasn’t he?”
Having been told about the “Death” of her acquaintance, Shaula had cast her eyes down with a solemn attitude to her. She seemed somewhat sad, having dropped her shoulders, drooping down in dejection all over all the way to her ponytail. 
Regardless of what she’d been saying and her behaviour up until now, her figure mourning her friend’s death was neutrally, a sad thing.  
Whilst he finally regained his footing, Subaru too felt something panging inside his chest when he looked at Shaula’s face from the side. 
Shaula: “So, Volcanica is doing well?”
Subaru: “It’s because they’re a Dragon.”
Shaula: “Aah, a Dragon, huh. Though, it would have been better if Volcanica had died rather than Reid~”
Subaru: “Those words seem to be way too much, Hey”
Having shown only a mere touch of sadness, Shaula quickly went back to herself. Her face had gone clear, as she bitterly spoke about her other acquaintance. 
To that, Ram closed one of her eyes in thought, and said,
Ram: “You remember Reid and Volcanica…… In that case, you should know your Master’s name, right?”
Shaula: “――――”
Subaru and the others all held their breaths on hearing Ram’s question.
Only the questioned Shaula’s face remained blank, replying with an “Obviously.”
Ram’s question was indeed quite effective at unravelling the mystery of the “Sage” .
The  “Sage” = Shaula system had collapsed now, so if there was someone who had accomplished the deeds required to be called a “Sage” other than her, naturally, they would need to meet that individual. 
Shaula mistook Subaru as that individual for some reason, but a name probably wasn’t something which could be falsified. Subaru  prayed that a miracle where a “Sage” with the name Natsuki Subaru wouldn’t come out of her here.  
And, his prayer would be fulfilled. ――In a strange way which he couldn’t possibly imagine.
Shaula: “That’s weird that Master’s name is on your mind. Considering he’s right there, and though all of you are Master’s companions, you don’t know it?”
Ram: “I’m sorry, but your Master hit his head on the toilet bowl, and forgot a bunch of stuff.”
Subaru: “Is there a meaning behind having restricted it to toilets?”
Shaula: “Master, you did it again…..?”
Subaru: “Again!?”
With Shaula looking at him sympathetically, Subaru tasted humiliation which he shouldn’t have received. However, she hopped up as if she’d understood that reply, and said,  
Shaula: “Then you’ll hear it from meeeee. Master’s name….. That’s right, even that name is that of the famed Great Erudite. Certainly being called something like a “Sage” is only befitting of Master!”
Subaru: “Get to the point!”
Shaula: “You’re so impatient~ But, that too is like Master.”
Shaula gave off a gaudy gesture which contained irritation, but she stuck her tongue out with a pouty face at Subaru’s demand. And then, she placed her finger on her cheek, and said with an awfully childish gesture, 
Shaula: “Flugel”
Subaru: “……Huh?”
Shaula: “Master’s name is Flugel. The Great Erudite Flugel, Shaula’s Master.”
Shaula’s whole face lit up into a smile and she delightfully puffed out her chest the moment she spoke those words.
There was no shadow of a doubt that Shaula was putting deep love, gratitude and pure respect into that, and held reverence and affection towards Flugel. 
However, Subaru and the others’ reactions varied in respect to that name. 
At any rate, he knew that name. 
Subaru: “……Isn’t that the name of the person who planted the tree?”
Saying that, Subaru craned his neck at hearing the name of that historical figure whose fates had crossed only once before.


Chapter 20
――The eminent “Great Erudite” Flugel.
As soon as Shaula had mentioned his name with a proud puff of her ample chest as she gave them an open-looking smile, Subaru and the others had exchanged looks with each other, wrapped up by an uncomfortable feeling in the air.
Shaula: “Huh? What’s up with that response? Did I say something weeeeird?”
Subaru: “No, it’s because, what the?”
Shaula widened her eyes blankly on hearing Subaru and the others’ dismal response. He felt bad for her, who was the very picture of confidence, as if to say that there was nothing mysterious to her words. However, the emotions that Subaru and the others harboured towards the name of that “Flugel” were rather complex.
“The Great Erudite” Flugel.
Though the title she’d given him was unfortunately different, Subaru was familiar with that name.
It was the name of that individual whom he’d crossed fates with just once ever since he’d been summoned into this different world. However, he didn’t have any acquaintanceship with that individual, he only had a one-sided “Debt” with him.
In any case, the reason he knew his name was down to the fact that he’d had an experience where his life had been saved thanks to that individual’s deed.
Subaru: ”Flugel’s Great Tree…..That Flugel-san, right?”
Everyone except Shaula gave a curt nod at the keyword that slipped out from Subaru’s mouth. Although, Meili had inclined her head in doubt as if she didn’t know, saying: “Wh~at’s that?”
Meili: ”I’ve never hea~rd that term before. “Great Tree”, does it just mean tree?”
Subaru: ”Yeah. Right, there’s a damn huge tree that grew on the Lifaus Plains in the Kingdom of Lugnica, and it was called Flugel’s Great Tree. It’s so huge that it’s said that it may have almost reached past the clouds; it was something that could really tickle at your male instincts.”
Meili: “Heeh, I se~e. When you say it like that, I’d very much li~ke to see it.”
Subaru: ”Sorry. About that, I cut it down.”
Meili: “Onii-san’s so mean!”
He’d ended up swiftly shattering Meili’s wish, and as a result, treated as something less than human.
Strictly speaking, cutting down the tree hadn’t been Subaru’s responsibility. However, it had been Subaru who’d proposed cutting it down and using it, so when it came to talking about who was the most responsible, Subaru was the one.
――Flugel’s Great Tree had ended up being his trump card a year ago during the “Battle to Subjugate the White Whale”.
The Great Tree’s existence had been cardinally important in subjugating that Witchbeast of “Fog”, the White Whale, considering that the tree was larger in size than that colossal beast. In the end, he could say that they’d cut down the Great Tree, pinned the White Whale underneath it so it couldn’t move, and finally delivered to it its finishing blow.
Subaru: ”I do feel bad for Flugel-san, who they say planted it, but….. In no shape or form did I ever think I’d hear his name in a place like this.”
Emilia: “It’s the spot where you can see the stump where the negotiations that followed the subjugation of the White Whale took place, right? I’ve heard that they used the chopped tree for various stuff, though…..”
Julius: “At the present, only the stump is left there known as the “Vestiges of Flugel’s Great Tree”. It’s in a status-quo where it’s protected as an important historical landmark, but after several 100s of years, it ought to go back to how it was before, one should think.”
Emilia and Julius replied about what had happened after following Subaru’s wonderment.
Straight after the subjugation of the White Whale, they’d subjugated “Sloth” as well, and the attack of the Sin Archbishops that had dragged Crusch and Rem into it had overlapped with that. And to make matters worse, straight after he’d joined back up with the Emilia Camp, there had been that commotion that he’d ended up right in the middle of in the “Sanctuary”. However, after all these unfortunate series of events, the spoils of war negotiations had taken place.
There, a discussion regarding the great deeds against the “White Whale” and Sloth” had been the pièce de résistance, but naturally they’d also ended up discussing compensation for the damage they’d incurred. One of the matters they’d discussed was Flugel’s Great Tree, namely taking care of the remaining stump and effective uses of the felled tree itself.
Incidentally, they’d deemed the White Whale as having no practical use, so its huge carcass had been cleaved up by a bunch of people and incinerated. Only its skull had been presented to the Royal Castle as evidence of its subjugation.
In any case, setting aside the Great Tree’s treatment, and moving back to the more crucial Flugel-san.
Subaru: “Come to think on it, I’ve definitely heard him referred to as the “Sage” Flugel.”
Beatrice: “But, he’s a “Sage” who no one really knows what he’s done, in fact….. So, speaking of strange to begin with, it’s strange that he’s being treated as a “Sage”, I suppose.”
Ram: “When you consider his achievements alone, it’s true that his accomplishments pale in comparison to the title of “Sage”. Perhaps he liked to toot his horn too much on his achievements….. A guy just like Barusu, eh?”
Subaru: “When have I ever exaggerated my achievements!?”
Subaru grew rather sullen at having received that unexpected evaluation. However, Ram’s faced remained nonchalant.
And whilst listening to that exchange, Anastasia spoke out with an: “I see.” She was the only one whose face showed some understanding,
Anastasia: ”Certainly, from what the story that circulates aroun’ says, Flugel-san may be lackin’ in bein’ called a “Sage”, but….. I wonder if things ended up bein’ like what I suspect now that Shaula-san, whose been treated as the real “Sage”, turned out to be a person like this.”
Emilia: “What do you mean by “Things ended up being like what you suspect?””
Anastasia: “The achievements that are circulated are the opposite…… Hmm, no that ain’t right I suppose. They’re weighted ta one side, rather than bein’ the opposite. I reckon it may be very likely that they were more or less pushed onto her on purpose.”
Emilia: “So, in other words, you mean that it was made to look like Shaula-san did those things that Flugel-san actually did?”
Emilia opened her eyes in surprise as she heard Anastasia’s hypothesis. After Anastasia nodded at her understanding, she turned around to face Shaula once again.
Anastasia: “I’ve got my suspicions about this, but Shaula-san, what do ya think? I wonder, was yer Master the sort ta try ‘n do these sorts of things, Shaula-san?”
Shaula: “Yeah~, though I don’t quite understand this difficult talk.”
Subaru: “You better not be……”
Shaula: “Nonononono! You’re jumping to conclusions! Let me continue properly with what I was going to say!”
Right after Subaru narrowed his eyes at her vague reply, Shaula shook her head as if in fright. And then, she lifted both of her hands up and as she nonsensically blinked her palms open and closed, she said,
Shaula: “If I’mmmm being honest, there’s much that I don’t understand about Master’s thinking. But, when it comes to Master, he was a person who didn’t really like to stand out. So, I think~ it’s quite like Master to aim the brunt of the annoying gossip onto meeeee and run away.”
Subaru: “I don’t think a person who didn’t want to stand out would’ve planted a tree called the Flugel’s Great Tree, though…..”
Julius: “Subaru, you’ve got the wrong idea. It’s not like Flugel’s Great tree was a Great Tree from the moment it was planted. Many months and years passed by, until finally it attained its majestic appearance from its growth into full bloom. Given that the name of the person who planted it was left behind, it’s not that strange that future generations began to call it like that.”
Subaru: “……I don’t even know what to say to that.”
Subaru’s face grew sour as he comprehended Julius’ explanation.
Indeed, back then, it would have been one of many, but after many long years, it had ended up growing into a magnificent Great Tree. They’d probably wanted to give it a name, and when they came to do so, they’d gone with the: “Then, let’s name it after the person who planted it“ option. That felt like what would’ve been natural.
If that was the case, then he felt like it had been an oversight of Flugel’s to have left his name behind.
Subaru: “If he feels like hiding, then I feel like he should’ve avoided leaving the name Flugel behind in the first place. Isn’t there something missing here?”
Julius: “I read this in a book, but if I’m not mistaken, the reason why we know Flugel-san’s name is… because “Flugel was here” was carved onto that Great Tree, right?”
Subaru: “As if there’s something missing! He’s like a student on a field trip!?”
Subaru was taken aback by this episode where it seemed like he had craved the limelight more than expected.
He recalled that he’d wanted to do something similar back when he’d been standing next to the Great Tree, however when it came to him actually putting that into motion, well, that was another story. When Flugel would have carved it in, the Great Tree still shouldn’t have been a Great Tree in the first place.
Julius: “That name stood alone, and thus, the “Sage” Flugel ended up being passed down in legend as an enigmatic historical figure that has next to no information about him other than having planted the tree.”
Subaru: “So, isn’t the belief that Flugel was the one who planted the tree unclear too!?”
Julius: “With that, time passed, and it was verified as being correct from the mouth of a different “Sage”. Now that I think about it…. Hmmm. We’re standing in a place which is chock full of missing history, doesn’t it make your heart leap just a little?”
Subaru: “Don’t start talking as if you’re a history otaku…..”
Being acquainted with obscure historical facts from several centuries, Julius was deeply moved.
Julius had the tendency to speak too much when explaining things regarding magic rather than him having deep insight into it, however perhaps he did have a knowledgeable otaku side to him here.
Emilia: “But, even though I get that the “Sage” of antiquity was actually Flugel in reality….. this still doesn’t change much, right?”
When their opinions came to match each other in regards to Flugel doing that, Emilia diffidently glanced over everyone’s faces. Receiving her gaze, Subaru nodded his head in agreement.
As Emilia said, the fact that it had actually been Flugel who’d really been behind the legendary exploits of the past didn’t hold much meaning for them at the present. ――No, that wasn’t true at all.
Subaru: “Nope, Emilia-tan. This fact is a pretty big problem.”
Emilia: “Huh?”
Subaru: “I mean, shouldn’t it be? Our purpose from the start was to come here to hear various things from the famed “Sage-san” who is said to be omniscient. But, since the “Sage-san” from the rumours has turned out to be a different person, and all he’s left behind is this obviously air-headed girl, we……”
Shaula: “Oooh, Master~, I want you to not shake my head. You’re making it go clatter-clatter.”
Shaula gave off that reaction, full of jest, as he shook her shoulders.
If he put it without mincing his words, she was far off being omniscient by any stretch of the imagination.
Subaru: “To start with, our original purpose can’t be fulfilled. ――If the “Sage” isn’t here, then it means we came all the way here for nothing.”
Everyone: “――――”
Emilia and the others kept their mouths shut at Subaru’s conclusion. Subaru gritted his back teeth at his own conclusion whilst he looked at everyone’s reactions.
Over a month had passed, and Subaru had already died four times.
Only a guardsman who was a “Sage” in name only had been left behind in the Pleiades Watchtower, which they’d surmounted so much hardship to get to. They wouldn’t be able to bring back any results due to this.
The reality of history, the true state of the “Sage”. Those things weren’t of any value to him.
Since Subaru only desired for a way to save the people important to him.
Subaru: “Shaula. This may be a long shot, but just tell me this. Your Master….. The one who should be the real “Sage”, Flugel, where is he?”
Shaula: “Right now, If I were to answer with… “Right in front of myyyy eyes”, I get the feeling you’d be mad at me! But, I gotta answer it! The one right in front of myyyy eyes is my Master, Flugel!”
  Subaru: “I thought you’d say that.”
Subaru could merely sigh at Shaula’s undiscouraged response.
In fact, Subaru’s current feelings were similar to that of a barren wasteland, overwhelming any urge he had in wanting to burst out in anger at the upbeat Shaula. Their circumstances were such that they could say their leads had come to nothing.
The glimmer of hope which had been the “Sage” had blinked out, and it looked like things would just go back to them fumbling around blindly. However, the subsequent darkness that came after they had seen a dazzling glimmer once in the dark had a different weight to it.
Hope gave people the strength to step forward, but perhaps the dark when hope covered it was something which dyed people’s vision in black, rather than always being in the darkness.
Either way, for Subaru it meant that――
Emilia: “Subaru, listen. It may surely be like that, but in truth it doesn’t mean that we’re at an impasse.”
Subaru: “Huh?”
Emilia placed her hand on Subaru’s shoulder and spoke out to him from the side of his face, which had been drooping down gloomily. Turning his face to look at her, he saw that Emilia’s amethyst eyes were full of unwavering hope.
Giving Subaru a short nod whilst she still touched his shoulder, Emilia continued speaking, saying “Isn’t that right?” to Shaula.
Emilia: “Although you’d barely spoken anything to us until a little while ago, the current you should be able to speak to us in a quite a bit more detail, right?”
Shaula: “Sure thing. I dislike it when Master’s feeling down tooo, but also I was all alone for such a long time, so I’d love to chat.”
Shaula replied to Emilia’s meaningful questioning with a genial look to her, keeping her attitude unchanged. She sat cross-legged, swaying back and forth; then, she moved her right hand up, and pointed it up overhead.
Shaula: “I said a bit of this to the others, but we’re on the bottomost floor of the tower here. This is the Sixth Floor, “Asterope”. As you go up, there’s the Fifth Floor “Celaeno”, then the Fourth Floor “Alcyone”, and at the tippy-top there’s the First Floor “Maia”.”
Subaru: “You named each of the floors? Wasn’t that a hassle?”
Shaula: “Didn’t you name them Master?”
Subaru: “I ain’t got such bad taste, but I don’t want to talk about that right now. So?”
There was hope in Emilia’s eyes, and Subaru’s mood grew in impatience at the flow of Shaula’s conversation that promoted that. Shaula broke into a delighted smile as if she’d perceived that change in his expression.
Still pointing up above, she stuck out her other hand, her left hand, and showed him her five fingers,
Shaula: ”The Fifth Floor “Celaeno” is straight above, on that floor you’ll find the doorway that leads outside. The Sixth Floor “Asterope” is underneath it, so in fact it connects straight to the underground area. If you hit it in the wrong place, you’ll end up buried alive, so It’d be best that you don’t do anything reckless like trying to break the wall.”
Julius: “Incidentally, the wall and floor seem to look like they’re made out of stone when you first look at them, but they have an unusual strength to them. Let me just say now that they wouldn’t be chipped even a bit with either Emilia-sama’s magic, or mine of course.”
Of course that probably didn’t mean he’d tried to destroy them, but Julius nevertheless supplemented Shaula’s explanation. He didn’t have any intentions of destroying the tower at all, but he nodded with an “I see”, just to be safe.
Subaru: “So, I get that the Fifth Floor has the doorway, but what about above that?”
Shaula: ”The Fourth Floor “Alcyone” is like myyyy dwelling area, a simple place for my ins ‘n outs. I like to leave it messy, so I’m gonna get embarrassed if you look at it too hard~”
Subaru “――――”
Shaula: “Master, your eyes look serious. How scary……U-Usually I stand watch over the Sand Dunes from here. And, then I take aim and fire fire fire at anyone who gets near to the tower!”
Subaru: “So it indeed was you then.”
He’d already half-guessed it before, but he could be fully convinced now thanks to her testimony. White light from that Pleiades Watchtower had killed Subaru twice in the Sand Dunes, and it had also been the cause behind their team being separated into two after―― The culprit had been, as he’d thought, Shaula.
Subaru: “We went through so much suffering thanks to that, how the hell do you plan to make up for that?”
Shaula: “Sorrysorry, I was juuuust following Master’s instructions, when you say that, you’re just fussing about what I’ve been doing here for the past hundreds of years~”
Subaru glared at her, speaking in a harsh tone, causing Shaula to quiver back, her face growing dishevelled. There was no ill will showing on her face, and moreover, she showed no signs of remorse either.
Rather than lacking in a sense of guilt, she didn’t seem to have one in the first place.
It wasn’t an issue where she lacked emotions, but rather…
Beatrice: “Subaru, there’s no use in this, no matter what you say, in fact. There’s no sense of remorse or guilt in this one, I suppose. They just do as ordered…..It doesn’t make sense to ask a tool their uses, in fact.”
Shaula: “Yepyep, I’mmmm Master’s tool! The lil’ ankle biter says it well!”
Shaula had a big smile which said “That’s exactly what I thought” all over her face as she heard Beatrice’s savage opinion.
Her moods and facial expressions changed fickly, and with that, his understanding of her current way of being―― Perhaps Shaula just had different values. That was probably why they seemed to keep conversing as if they were on different wavelengths.
In other words,
Subaru: “It’s getting real tiring talking with you.”
Shaula: “You used to say that all the time before! It’s been aaaages.”
Subaru: “Is that so? Y’know I used to say that all the time, donkey years ago.”
He felt like he still did now, but Subaru brushed aside that point.
In any case, he understood that the white light that had come from the Watchtower had been Shaula’s doing, as well as that he’d never get any kind of apology or remorse from her.
In that case, there was no meaning in cutting their conversation short. He’d just have to move the conversation forward.
Subaru: “About the Fourth Floor, your dwelling area…… Like, your living quarters. What’s above that?”
Shaula: “The examination hall from the Third Floor “Taygeta”. ――To test one’s rights to enter the library.”
Subaru: “……The library?”
Subaru frowned, repeating the word back to her as a question. Shaula calmly nodded back at him saying “Yeah” without paying heed to Subaru’s change in attitude.
Shaula: “A library. From the Third Floor “Taygeta” and up, there’s trials, and each one has a corresponding library. If you fulfill the conditions to enter the library, then you can read the books inside at your leissssure.”
Subaru: “What’s written in those “books inside”?”
Shaula: “Errrrr?”
Subaru: “Errrrr!?”
It was frustrating that she’d finished with an “Errrrr” considering that she’d told him this much whilst assuming an air of importance. Shaula reluctantly shook her head, along with her hair, at the frowning Subaru, and said: “It’s because~”
Shaula: “I can’t read the books ‘n stuff, I’ve not been told more than to guard the tower.”
Subaru: “Was that from your Master….. From Flugel as well?”
Shaula: “Yeah!”
It would be impossible for Subaru to answer, regardless of how she had put it so proudly.
Though Subaru had only inclined his head in doubt at Shaula’s words, Emilia and the others’ still kept serious looks on their faces, the hope they held in their eyes was still there.
Beatrice: “Subaru, what lies inside the books of the library is knowledge, I suppose.”
Subaru: “By “knowledge” you don’t mean it in a literal sense, right?”
Subaru asked the obvious back after he heard Beatrice’s expression.
Typically, what was written down in books was knowledge, barring fiction of course. What you got out of books was either a wealth of knowledge, or deep, moving impressions.
But that probably wasn’t the meaning behind what Beatrice was trying to say.
Beatrice shook her head on top of Subaru’s lap.
Her long drill curls traced her head’s movement, she spoke out to Subaru, who was following that motion with his eyes.
Beatrice: “This is the place where the knowledge written down by the “Sage” known as being omniscient sleeps. I’ve heard that the Pleiades Watchtower is a name used in the outside, in fact.”
Shaula: “Yeah. Since Master’s came back inside, the tower will go back to its original role. A Great Library where you can search for anything you like, be it something you want to know or something you’d like to be aware of―― You can do that in Pleiades.”

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
Subaru: “So that means the Third Floor is at a Beginner Level. The Second Floor is at an Intermediate Level. And that you can get access to the top class information on the First Floor, I think. So it must mean that the Trials are Qualifications Trials to obtain the clearances, right?”
Shaula: “Ohhh, as expected of Master! Even I keep getting more and more confused with what you’re talking about! But perhaps it’s Mucho mejor that you keep it simple.”
――The Great Library Pleiades.
The name of the Watchtower had gone from something quite affable to something quite suspicious. Subaru and the others, line astern, had left the Sixth Floor and had started climbing the stairs up towards the upper floors.
The spiral staircase carried Subaru and the others up towards the upper floors, coiling around circularly within the tower. However, since there was no manner of railing, the higher he got, the more his blood ran cold.
Subaru: “This is scary.”
Emilia: “Subaru, if you’re scared, then hold my hand? Since you still haven’t fully recovered, and you’re unsteady on your feet, you might actually fall off.….”
The ground of the Sixth Floor was getting far in the distance, and Gyan along with the Dragon Carriage looked pretty small down there. Emilia called that out to Subaru, who had looked down below, holding his breath.
To tell the truth, he wanted to take her hand and enjoy the feeling of her pale fingers, but…
Subaru: “Thanks, Emilia-tan. But, I’m alright right now. For the time being it doesn’t seem like I’ll fall off since the stars are fairly wide, that, and I’m also still full of vim and vigour, don’t you think?”
Emilia: “Really? But, if you think it’s getting tough, you’ll tell me straight away, right? I can carry you on my back if it comes down to it.”
Subaru: “Is that so…… Then I won’t make it come down to that.”
The impression of being carried up the stairs on Emilia’s back was as expected too horrifying. He would rather make that loan out to Julius, were he to make such an unmanly move.
Julius: “What is it?”
Subaru: “That’d just be the worst way too though. Oh, it’s nothing in particular. Keep moving, keep moving!”
Noticing Julius’ eyes on him, who’d just turned his head around, Subaru shook his hand at him. He shrugged his shoulders and continued to lead them up the stairs, still holding Anastasia’s hand.
Right now, they had their eyes set on the upper floors of the tower, progressing on foot. They weren’t in a rush, so they went about it at a leisurely pace, which contrasted their feelings of apprehension. Julius and Anastasia were at the front, then after them came Ram and Emilia line astern, with Subaru and Beatrice walking behind them. And finally, Shaula and Meili were bringing up the rear.
Meili: “Who~a there, naked Onee-san, don’t shake about so much.”
Shaula: “Huuuuh, you sure are a bossy lil’ ankle-biter for someone whose riding on my shoulders~”
Meili: “Be~cause, I’m sle~epy. We’ve been wa~lking for ages, and I can’t make it up and down the stairs with how many stairs there a~re.”
Shaula: “Yes, but why do I have to carry you..….! Quit pulling on my hair!”
Fussy as she may be, there was no sharpness in their exchange.
The Shaula/Meili group bringing up the rear was, rather incredibly, such that Shaula was carrying Meili on her shoulders as they climbed the stairs. Initially, when they’d decided to move up, Meili had taken the opportunity to complain that her feet were tired. However it had been Shaula herself who had said she’d be okay with carrying her on her back, so he’d left it down to her.
Subaru: “When it comes to actual physical strength, it looks like Shaula is likely the strongest…”
Beatrice: “That’s for sure, I suppose. ――Subaru, don’t let your guard down, in fact. Despite her appearance, we don’t know when she’ll show her fangs, I suppose.”
Subaru: “This woman? You get that impression from her?”
Beatrice: “We don’t know how she will react if it comes to light that you’re not Flugel, in fact.”
Subaru: “That’s……”
Subaru ended up stammering his words as he heard Beatrice’s reponse, her having urged him caution in a low voice.
It wasn’t that he hadn’t thought about it, but he didn’t think it was a problem if he left it at the edge of his thoughts. In fact, Shaula was acting pretty friendly towards his group――No, towards Subaru, and that was only because she kept mistaking him as being her Master.
And, Subaru and the rest knew that his relation with him was something she was completely misunderstanding. He’d denied it to her many times till now, but Shaula would just smile and disregard it. Actually rather than disregarding it, it was more like she didn’t care at all no matter how many times she heard it. But, in any case, it hadn’t gotten through to her.
Therefore, Shaula’s attitude hadn’t changed, and he could even consider it a security――
Subaru: “That means that we won’t know what trigger will bring everything crumbling down.”
Beatrice: “There’s no doubt that things will end up quite worrisome if she were to become hostile, I suppose. We’d have no choice but to combine mine and your strength, as well as Emilia and that knight’s….. Julius’, in fact.”
Subaru: “Shaula’s strength, huh?”
He took a quick glance back at Shaula messing about with Meili.
She had a friendly, and defenceless look to her improper appearance―― Ever since their first encounter, all the way to their conversations afterwards, she had been an individual that had been difficult to judge in every manner.
However, although Subaru currently couldn’t decide what attitude to hold against Shaula, there wasn’t any harboured animosity which stood out in her, that much is what it looked like.
Although she was acting friendly to them due to mistaking him for someone else, and although they’d been met with such an unguarded reception from her, it was more difficult to dislike her than be bewildered by her.
However, he mustn’t confuse such touchy-feely emotions with there being a lack of looming danger.
Subaru: “――――”
Turning his eyes at their defenceless limbs whilst sneaking glances at Shaula’s condition, Subaru broke into thought.
She’d confessed that it had been her who’d set her aim on Subaru and the others back at the sand dunes and thrown those flashes of light at them from the tower. The speed of those flashes of light, along with the accuracy of their aim had been unnatural, they’d been plenty enough to give him an impression of the height of Shaula’s true strength. Right now, Subaru didn’t even know whether those things had been magic or not.
And to add on top of that, there’d been those final moments back at the underground area of the sand dunes.
That which remained in his awfully turbid consciousness, just before he had lost it, must have been Shaula who had come to blows with that repulsive-looking Centaur.
That monster was one which could only be thought of as being either the embodiment of absurdity or outrageousness was abruptly torn to pieces by a more powerful force, and he witnessed it being blown away out of existence with his own eyes.
He didn’t want to admit it, but if he ended up in direct combat against Shaula, any visions of being able to win against her were all but gone.
Regulus, Petelgeuse and such had been far easier opponents.
Subaru: “….Urgh I don’t know why I start to pretty repulsed whenever I recall those guys. No, feeling that is perfectly reasonable, but it’s a familiar repulsed feeling that I’m getting.”
Beatrice: “I don’t know what you’re thinking, but we need to be careful, I suppose.”
Subaru: “Yeah. If that’s the case…, then I guess asking her is quicker.”
Beatrice: “Huh? In fact.”
Straight after Beatrice replied in confusion, Subaru turned both himself and her around at the same time. Whilst swivelling his feet around on the stairs so they faced back, Subaru faced straight towards the double-stacked Shaula and Meili.
Shaula stopped in her tracks and tilted her head.
Shaula: “What’s up Master? It couldn’t be that Master’s also tired right? It wouldn’t be an issue for me to carry you, but my back is already taken by this girl who acts like a little princess, you know?”
Subaru: “That in itself would make quite an impression, so I’ll pass. Ah, though I’m sorry to get in between you happily playing with your ponytail with Meili….”
Shaula: “It’s not a ponytail, it’s a scorpiontail.”
Subaru: “――――”
Shaula: “It’s a scorpiontail.”
Shaula repeated herself to the taciturn Subaru as if she was a broken record.
Grabbing ahold of one of her ponytail’s tufts, Shaula readily moved it in front of her face, and said,
Shaula: “A scorpiontail…..”
Subaru: “I understand! What’s up with this insistence! Anyways, I’m sorry to get in between you making friends with Meili, but there’s something I want to ask you.”
Shaula: “Mhm! If it’s something Master has to say, I will listen to anything! I’mmmm glad that you’re speaking to me like this, Master~”
Shaula swung her ponytail… Er, rather, her scorpiontail about delightedly.
As a result of that, Meili, who was on her shoulders, was hit by one of the tail’s swishes. Subaru had already experienced that unexpectedly soft, good feeling tail, but putting that aside,
Subaru: “You’ll listen to what I say right?”
Shaula: “Not lewd stuff, right?”
Subaru: “Don’t even begin to go there. What are you braindead?”
Shaula: “It’s pretty dumb of Master to say so, isn’t it? Now we’re even!”
Subaru was left floored as he couldn’t keep up pace with Shaula who’d had a comeback to spare. Usually, most people ended up getting thrown quite out of sync when they mixed in with the pace of Subaru’s conversations. Because of that, suitably finding a thread to start a conversation came down to Subaru, but it would be tough to do this time.
The difficulty in this line of approach would still be different than with aberrations like the Sin Archbishops. In their case, it was difficult to establish a conversation with them in the first place, but it was different in Shaula’s case.
He felt a delay in proportion to not understanding his opponent whatsoever, whilst she understood him.
Truly as if Flugel, Subaru, and god knows who else had a lot of points in common.
Subaru: “Anyways, I have a question and a request. I need you to answer them as honestly, and obediently as possible.”
Shaula: “That doesn’t seem like a request. They could be an order, though.”
Subaru: “I ain’t that bossy. So, about the question….. You attacked us from the tower, right? What the hell was that?”
Shaula: “It was Hell’s Snipe, a sniping attack used so that pesky flies don’t get near to the tower.”
Subaru: “……What?”
Shaula: “Hell’s Snipe.”
With her having said it in English whilst beaming, Subaru’s face grew sullen.
Well, uhm, it was a name he knew.
Shaula: “Thooough, if I think about it now, I’m so glad that Hell’s Snipe didn’t hit Master. If the Dimension Gate didn’t get lifted, I may’ve flung blow after blow until they struck Master.”
Subaru: “Waitwaitwaitwait, there’s too much new vocab! Dimension?”
Shaula: “Dimension Gate. It’s a trick to prevent people from reaching the tower.”
From Shaula’s way of talking, Subaru grasped that this Dimension Gate, and whatever else, had cut off their path to the Flower Meadow thanks to that “Sand Time”, but even so, the space distortion had been lifted by the efforts of E・M・T in the end.
Shaula: “But, thanks to that, I knew that Master was actually Master, so everything turned a’ight in the end. If Master’d been struck, Master would definitely have been mad at meeee, wouldn’t he?”
Subaru: “Uh huh, yeah, probably. I hope you’d get away with just me being mad at you.”
In actual fact, he had been struck and died twice, so he was uneasy about whether he could even get up to those anger levels.
It was rare for his anger to not spike up rapidly when meeting the culprits who killed him. Part of the reason why it hadn’t now was because he understood that it had been some kind of accident, and that it was pointless even to pursue Shaula’s responsibility.
Meili: “Bu~t, if you’d managed to strike him, Onii-san would’ve ended up dead, wouldn’t h~e? If that happened, then I don’t think we’d be talking about getting mad or not he~re.”
Perched on Shaula’s back, Meili interjected into the conversation in place of Subaru, who was half embroiled in his forgiveness. Upon hearing her words, Shaula let out a fit of rather unlady-like, uncontrollable laughter.
Shaula: “What are ya saying lil’ ankle biter? There’s no way myyyy Master would die from something like that? Cuz’ from the start, Master’s always been someone who you can never tell whether he’s dead or not dead.”
Meili: “Butbu~t, Sandworm-chan got hit so much, and he ended up dying, s~o….”
Shaula: “I don’t really give a damn about stuff like Worms or Bears ya know. Myyy Master wouldn’t die, that is what’s important.  ――If he’d died, then it’d just mean he’s not my Master.”
Smiling absentmindedly, Shaula gazed at Subaru with delighted looking eyes. Subaru’s spine shivered when she’d turned her innocent, smiling face towards him.
Innocence like that of a child’s, and faith tantamount to defencelessness. That which she put into Flugel was an ideal that she’d rigidly built up at her core more than he’d dared to imagine.
In accordance with Beatrice’s worries, if there ever came a time where she’d come into disagreement with the current Subaru, then…
Shaula: “I apologise that I was late in picking you up from the Sand Palace afterwards. Whilst I let in the other group into the tower, Master and the rest with him ended up advancing into its depths, so I was all in a fluster.”
Subaru: “Aah, no, it’s fine…. Though, wait, you said “Sand Palace”?”
Shaula: “Indeed. It’s really dangerous over there, so it’s better if you don’t go into it. It’s reckless to approach without having all the keys, even if it’s you Master. There are Hungry Horse Kings prowling about there too.”
Subaru: “Hungry Horse Kings…..You mean those horse-like monsters?”
Sand Palace, Keys, Hungry Horse Kings. There were a lot of words which were weighing on his mind, but his mind wandered to the last one of them, the Hungry Horse Kings.
Perhaps it referred to that Centaur.
Shaula nodded at his question.
Shaula: “Those things weren’t here around the time Master was here, so I thought you’d be surprised. In essence, they just prowl about inside of the Sand Palace, so you won’t come across them unless you go to there. But once in a while one of those guys will venture outside, so I go and destroy them without any mercy.”
Subaru: “Is there a lot of them?”
Shaula: “There’s tons and tons.”
Subaru felt truly revulsed from the bottom of his heart hearing Shaula confirm that without any hesitation.
The Centaur = Hungry Horse King’s fighting strength, and of course it’s appearance and ecology were all things which brought feelings of indescribable unpleasantness. He’d hoped that there’d been just one specimen of them if possible, but that didn’t look like it was the case. She’d told him that from using the expression “tons and tons”.
Meili: “Hungry Horse King….. I’m also not familiar with that na~me. I’d like to see one, ma~ybe.”
Subaru: “Stop it! That’s not something a kid needs to see…..”
Meili: “O-onii-san…..”
Subaru gave Meili a very stern warning, who’d spoken out those rash words. Maybe those words had tugged on Meili’s heartstring who was something like a Witchbeast Collector, but he wouldn’t recommend her trying to get in contact with them to fill them in for a picture book.
Shaula nodded in agreement at Subaru’s words.
Shaula: “I think it’s best not to. The Hungry Horse Kings are a Witchbeast with the concept that their horns can regenerate over and over again, so you can’t make arrangements with them like with other Witchbeasts. Kill all enemies on sight, this is their justice.”
Meili: “Blegh, I understa~nd.”
Pouting with a gesture appropriate of her age, Meili retracted her curiosity.
Whilst feeling relived by that situation, Shaula once again spoke out to Subaru, saying “So,”
Shaula: “Master, was that all you wanted to talk about?”
Subaru: “Aah, for now that’s a-….. No, wait, that’s not all.”
Shaula: “――?”
With her head still inclined, Shaula prepared to receive his question with a “Bring it on!” attitude. Considering that she had opened her heart to them till now, it was quite insincere of him to continue keeping his guard up. But sometimes you had to steel your heart no matter how painful it was.
If he could change something by just saying one thing in preparation for the future, then doing so would be fortuitous.
Subaru: “Shaula, this is my request. Don’t cause me, or my companions any harm.”
Shaula: “――――”
Subaru: “Your Master’s order was to attack anyone who approached the tower….So I would think? Since we’re inside, we are not covered by that. So, there’s no need for you to attack us anymore. Don’t cause us any harm. Absolutely none.”
Shaula: “――――”
Shaula narrowed her eyes at Subaru, who’d repeated his words once more to make absolutely sure.
As he looked on at her narrowed eyes, he saw that their colour was of a deep green hue. Shaula, whose expression had been pretty much all smiles since they’d met her, had stopped smiling as if she was in deep thought for the first time.
For a while, there was silence. Subaru, who’d been holding his breath due to this strange tension, couldn’t stand it any longer, and let out his breath. Then,
Shaula: “Mhm, OK. I’veee memorised it word for word as a new command from Master~”
Subaru: “――――”
Shaula: “Master?”
Immediately after she decided to accept it, Shaula’s features changed, turning back to her frivolousness. Shaula brought her face super close to Subaru’s, whose eyes had widened without following her sudden change in attitude.
Their eyes stared at each other’s at point blank range, but he couldn’t find any deception or dishonesty in her green eyes. At least, as far as Subaru could see.
Subaru: “Is it okay with you?”
Shaula: “I have no choice. It’s what Master’s said. It’s not particularly hard. Non-violence, non-obedience.”
Subaru: “Since you’re going to follow the order, don’t you mean that you’ll obey?”
Shaula: “Even if you could do as you pleased with my body, I wouldn’t let you snatch away my heart!”
Subaru: “What a pain in the ass you are…..!”
He prodded Shaula in the forehead, whose face had tensed up, so to make her take a step back. Shaula fell back letting out an “AAUUUUH”, causing Meili to panic on her back, even though she was safe.
In any case, Subaru’s request somehow looked like it had been readily accepted. It wasn’t clear how effective it was going to be, but, at least….
Subaru: “Like, as long as I don’t let her down, the promise should be kept.”
Beatrice: “If that’s the only requirement, then things will be fine, in fact. You expect to let her down, but you won’t, I suppose.”
Subaru: “I’m really grateful for being held to that high esteem, but in this case, isn’t that part of your expectations where you think I won’t let her down being far too optimistic? What would Flugel do? Should I grow wings? He sounds like he’s German.”
On that topic, to Subaru it felt like Flugel was a German word that meant “Wings”.
He’d never expected that he’d be pulling stuff out from there, but that was suspicious as well. At any rate, this Flugel, altogether with Shaula’s name smelled fishy as hell.
Subaru: “That’s right, Shaula. I’ve got just one last question to ask you.”
Shaula: “What is it~?”
Shaula’s cheeks were getting pinched by Meili, her face looked completely vapid.
With his back still turned to Shaula, Subaru spoke with a casual gesture,
Subaru: “Maia, Electra, Taygeta, Alcyone, Celaeno, Asterope.”
Beatrice: “…..Subaru?”
Beatrice, who was beside Subaru, had a puzzled look on her face as she heard Subaru reciting those words out.
They were just a string of words which should have no meaning when hearing only their sounds.
Of course, they had just heard about four of those words a while ago, but they wouldn’t be words which were so easy to remember as to recite them from memory.  ――Given that they were unfamiliar words.
Subaru: “All of those, in order from top to bottom, are this Pleiades Watchtower’s…..Err, I mean this Great Library Pleiades’ floor names right?”
Shaula: “Correct~”
Subaru: “So, where’s Merope?”
Shaula: “――――”
Shaula once again kept her silence on hearing Subaru’s question. However, this silence was different to the one before, it was a silence of surprise like she’d been caught completely unaware.
You could faintly hear the sound of her breath being taken away; Subaru deemed that he’d managed to touch on the truth.
Beatrice: “Subaru, what did you ask her, in fact? What does Merope mean, I suppose.”
Subaru: “It’s the name of the last one of the seven sisters. It’d be strange to not have seven in Pleiades.”
The floors had been allocated six names from the first floor to the sixth. However, the names that followed that motif were from the start, the seven sisters―― A floor with the seventh name attached to it should exist.
Subaru: “If it’s not the Seventh Floor….., then I guess it would be a Floor Zero.”
Shaula: “There’s a Floor Zero. Master named them, so it’s natural…… However, the place was made after Master left, so you shouldn’t know where it is.”
Shaula replied to Subaru’s guesswork with a hoarse voice. Subaru felt Beatrice beside him startle in surprise, but he licked his parched lips and narrowed his eyes.
He felt no sense of achievement at having found something hidden. After all, it was because it wasn’t something that was hidden for Subaru.
Subaru “If the First Floor is the highest floor, then Floor Zero must be the super-highest floor? In regards to entering it, h-………”
Shaula: “――No.”
Shaula quickly interrupted Subaru’s words, who was about to ask her how to enter it. Feeling the strength in the tone of her voice, Subaru took a quick glimpse back at her. When he did, he saw that Shaula’s facial expression hadn’t changed.
She was still smiling with a look of honesty about her. However, there was a faint look of loneliness plastered around her eyes.
Shaula: “You haven’t fulfilled the conditions yet. Master came back to see me in the middle of his journey, and I’m satisfied with that. That’s why Floor Zero is a No.”
Subaru: “――――”
Though her tone of voice still hadn’t changed, it instead felt like a firm wall to the point that it felt queer.
The promise they’d exchanged a few minutes ago, and the pervading danger that was quite capable of shaking him even at his core, strongly appealed to him of the sense of danger that was drifting off her.
Thus, Subaru gave up on inquiring her further about this place.
Subaru: “Gotcha. I won’t speak such nonsense anymore. We’ll just keep to our earlier promise.”
Shaula: “Roger Roger~ I shall keep it~ I shall super-keep it~”
Shaula broke into a broad smile, in high spirits as if she’d forgotten their current exchange. Subaru let out a deep sigh as he listened to her upbeat voice from behind him.
Beatrice: “Subaru, if it gets too much, you’ll say so, right?”
Subaru: “Mhm, it’s alright. Just so much stuff is on my mind.”
He gave a weak smile as he heard Beatrice’s words of worry, before then affectionately patting her head. When he did so, Beatrice couldn’t say anything, but this was also a rite for Subaru to settle himself down.
Flugel’s abnormalness had become apparent in his conversation with Shaula. It was no big deal. He too was the same as Subaru.
Subaru, Al, Hoshin, and Flugel.
A person who’d craved the limelight who’d brought knowledge that shouldn’t be in this world, and ostentatiously left it behind. He had no more doubt, Flugel was a person from the same place as him.
Subaru: “Centuries ago, huh?”
After reflecting back on that for a long, long time, Subaru violently scratched his head.
What had he felt in this different world, what had he thought, what had he aimed for, what had he sought for――.
What had this man, who seemed to have renounced the name “Sage” and planted the tree, desired?
Whilst he thought about those kinds of things, he wondered whether he still lived on in this world.
Then, coming from Subaru’s back, was――,
Shaula: “Master”
Subaru: “Mhm?”
Shaula called out to him casually. Without stopping in his tracks, Subaru just turned his face around to glance at her. Shaula looked up at Subaru looking a little bashful.
Her expression was adorned by a truly delightful looking smile,
Shaula: “Welcome home again, Master. ――This Shaula has been awaiting the “Great Erudite” Flugel’s return with all her heart.”


Chapter 21
Regarding Shaula’s welcoming words―― While Subaru did understand that they’d been misdirected to a different person, he decided that he’d receive them without denying them in the end.
There was also Beatrice’s advice.
There was no doubt that in practicality allowing Shaula to mistake Subaru as Flugel was rather convenient for them. With this in place now it meant that an outcome where Shaula became hostile and commenced battle wouldn’t necessarily end up in them being scattered about by her overwhelming strength.
Since she was treating them favourably for now, Subaru could at least dullen his hand of attack. Though if he were to do that, considering that he lacked in actual strength even under the best of circumstances, it’d probably be enough to end up as a main factor in him making a colossal blunder.
Emilia: “You needn’t worry, Subaru. Even if Shaula realises that in truth you’re not her Master, I’m sure she wouldn’t do anything awful.”
Those were Emilia’s words, who seemed to have been eavesdropping on their conversation behind them.
Emilia, who had her silver hair styled in long braids, confidently assured that to Subaru, whilst she fiddled with the end of one of her braids with her fingers.
Subaru: “I’m glad of Emilia-tan’s seal of approval, but…..What’s the rationale behind it?”
Emilia: “I don’t really fully understand what you mean by the expression “What’s the rationale behind it”, but, Shaula’s a good girl, isn’t she? She saved you, and us as well, so I can say that we will all get along. If we do, there shouldn’t be any need to fight, right?”
Subaru: “……Right.”
Her opinion was a little too optimistic, but he could say that being too pessimistic was also enough of a bad habit.
Even if Shaula found out the truth, it didn’t mean that she’d get aggressive straight away. Even if the facts came to light, Shaula should keep herself from coming to blows at her own judgement. So, Emilia’s thoughts that they should all get along weren’t so misguided, at least he could allow himself to think so.
The reason behind that intent wasn’t a calculating goal like appealing to one’s emotions, but rather because he didn’t want to fight against her.
Ram: “Don’t take Emilia’s rough ideas word for word, Barusu. We’re in the “Sage’s” Watchtower here, and we need to challenge it to even make our way back to the sand dunes. We lose nothing by keeping our guards up as much as possible.”
Emilia: “Jeez, you sure were quick to put it like that, Ram. You should really loosen up a little…..”
Ram: “The result of having let down my guard was that I ended up being thrown down to the underground area with Barusu and Anastasia-sama. With how delicate I am, that feeling of despair was unbearable……perhaps that’s why Emilia-sama you have no clue about that.”
Emilia: “Mhm, I guess so. But, surely if it’s an underground area around this place you’re talking about, then shouldn’t it be no big deal for you? I don’t know why, but I’ve been in reaaally good shape since coming to the Augria Sand Dunes, ya know?”
It seemed like Emilia had replied to the sharp Ram’s words in a rather relaxed manner. Emilia and Ram’s relationship as master and vassal had been pretty good since a year ago. The way Ram spoke and behaved towards Emilia showed a little lack of respect, but Emilia looked like she couldn’t help but be happy receiving that treatment.
Emilia, who should have experienced the trauma of discrimination and contempt, may have contrarily felt that Ram’s words didn’t contain that sort of animosity.
Subaru: “At any rate, Emilia-tan, what do you mean by you being in good shape?”
Emilia: “How should I put it, the air goes well with my skin, I guess. Mana too has a slightly different tone to it depending on the country or region you’re in, so I think something like that’s happening, but……The mana in this place especially seems to go well with my skin. Though I guess I shouldn’t be very happy about that.”
Subaru: “Well, I suppose so. But considering that this is the place where the Witch is sealed, full of these Witchbeasts…”
Emilia had clenched her fist as if she’d felt a surge of strength go through her. However, straight after, a bitter looking smile appeared on her dismal-looking face. Her opinion had been an emboldened one, for sure, as he sympathised with the mood she was in.
Following what he’d mentioned above, he was silently grateful that Emilia’s strength had grown in this area they were in, which was chock-full of danger with the Witch and the Witchbeasts. Yet even so, the figure which Shaula had defeated had been engraved in Subaru’s mind, so that wasn’t a reason that could end up giving him some optimism.
Subaru: “Though, the conditions have changed. Unlike before where she could attack us from the tower without us being able to do anything, now that the distance is such that you can see each other’s faces, Emilia-tan shouldn’t end up losing against her.”
Shaula: “What is it? What is it?”
Subaru: “Nothing, was just talking about how you have crazy good eyesight. You managed to throw attacks at us from the tower with pinpoint accuracy when we were really far off, didn’t you? How the hell does that work?”
Shaula: “Ohhh, that’s just done by linking myyyyy aim and myyyy stingers with mana, and that makes it so it’s pulled to where you are. Hell’s Snipe was Master’s invention, ya know?”
Subaru: “…..I see, you didn’t even have to train her, eh, Flugel.”
He’d gone through hell and back again thanks to that. He’d probably never get a chance to talk to Flugel, but if he did get a chance like at the tea party, he’d definitely be giving him some very colourful, choice words.
Subaru let out a sigh as he heard the upbeat Shaula humming. Then――,
Julius: “Sorry to interrupt you in the middle of your chat, but we’ve arrived.”
Subaru: “Oh?”
On the spiral staircase which led to the upper floors of the tower――He heard Julius’ voice, who’d been at the front of the group, leading them up.
Lifting his face up at the knight’s words, who was escorting Anastasia by the hand, he could suddenly see the ceiling from the other side of Julius who was standing diagonally up from him.
Subaru: “No, it’s not the ceiling, but the floor part of the floor above, I should say.”
Beatrice: “We must be on the Fifth Floor, “Celaeno”, I suppose. All there is here is a door to the outside, Betty and the others first entered from here, in fact.”
Betty, who was next to him, commented that to him just as they neared the Fifth Floor. As he nodded in agreement to her words, Subaru immediately noticed that something was out of place, and said, “Uh?”
If she was implying that after they’d been separated Emilia and the others had entered the tower from the Fifth Floor, then….
Subaru: “How did the Dragon Carriage and Gyan get down to the Bottom Floor? I mean, there’s no way that this staircase is wide enough to let a Dragon Carriage roll by, right?”
Spreading his arms out across the spiral staircase he’d walked up, Subaru checked its width. The width of the staircase was reasonably wide, but even so it wouldn’t fit two Subarus with arms stretched out abreast. It might have been barely possible to let the huge body of an Earth Dragon pass down it, but there was no way that the carriage part of the Dragon Carriage was getting through.
And of course, letting the Earth Dragon walk down this long staircase itself was a path which really shouldn’t be trodden even if it was theoretically possible.
Subaru: “Is there some sort of contraption like an elevator poking around here in fact? If there is, then we need to use it next time. Keeping healthy is great and all, but it ain’t good to always disregard modern conveniences.”
Emilia: “Sorry, I don’t really get what you’re saying…. But, how the Dragon Carriage got down there is simple. Shaula lifted it up and carried it down.”
Subaru: “……Pardon?”
Subaru felt like he’d missed something, and so he asked her again. Emilia frowned at his reply which had been said in English, but she nevertheless grasped that he seemed to have asked her to repeat herself, so she continued her words by saying, “So,”
Emilia: “Shaula effortlessly lifted the Dragon Carriage along with the Earth Dragon up, and simply brought them down to the bottom.”
Subaru: “Nononononono, there’s no way. Wouldn’t a Dragon Carriage weigh over a ton with how huge it is? And you said she did it as a set with the Earth Dragon too…..”
Subaru peeled his eyes wide open at those horrifying remarks, but no one from his companions denied it. Finally, Shaula puffed out her ample chest in pride, and flared out her nostrils.
Shaula: “It’s as she said, the one who carried them down was meeee. Oh man, it was a piece of cake. If I’d left the lizard near the doorway, he may have ended up becoming loopy due to the miasma streaming in from the outside, dontcha think? I was just a lil’ worried. You can praise me you know!”
Subaru: “I do feel grateful, but now I know that your slender arms aren’t actually slender arms, and it weirds me out. A person with superhuman strength….. I imagine even Reinhardt wouldn’t be able to do this!”
Though in Subaru’s mind the most frightfully-shocking human was indisputably Reinhardt, but wouldn’t it likely be impossible even for him to lift up something that weighed over what you’d expect a human could lift?
Even if he could cut the world into ribbons with his sword pressure, even if he could walk on water, even if he could revive himself again, carrying a Dragon Carriage with one hand for him would be――,
Subaru: “I guess he’d be able to do that. That makes me feel just a bit uneasy. Is that guy really human?”
Shaula: “Hmmph, despite myyyy story, Master’s thinking of someone else. Jealousy.”
In any case, he now understood how the Dragon Carriage had been carried to the bottommost floor. He hadn’t in actuality seen her carrying it, so the impact of the scene was diminished, but he had to take it as a new threat potential in the eventuality that the enraged Shaula problem cropped up.
And, just as they’d finished talking about that, the group arrived on the Fifth Floor. “Celaeno”, as had been pointed out many times, was where the entrance that led to the inside and outside of the tower was.
A huge door was built in one place at the back of the tower which was cylindrical in shape.
It was large enough that you had to look up at it, and its width was easily close to 10 metres. It was an unnecessarily huge door, but how much strength it would take to open it, that too was an issue――.
Subaru: “Doesn’t it look difficult to enter this via the trial door way?”
Julius: “At least, when I tried pushing it, it wouldn’t give an inch. Thanks to that, we weren’t able to search for you, Anastasia-sama, and the others.”
As he gazed at the super-huge door, Subaru let out a sigh, and Julius nodded at him. With it being as heavy as it looked, it seemed like this door would stop any challengers in their path.
Opening it may have been possible for Shaula, who could easily carry a Dragon Carriage in one hand, but for the average Joe it would have been impossible. Therefore Emilia and Julius had ended up being unable to leave to search for Subaru and the others, and that looked like it had ended up worrying them a lot.
Beatrice: “But, it sure does look like it’s a bit creaky here and there, I suppose.”
Anastasia: “I think it’s ‘cause the Sand Wind’s kinda strong, the sand that gets blown up by the wind must be streamin’ in, don’cha think? When ya take a bit of a deep breath, it immediately feels like the inside of yer mouth is fulla’ sand, ‘n so it’s darn unpleasant.”
Sticking her tongue out, Anastasia traced it with her finger and cleaned some sand grains from it. Just like she had said, the inside of Subaru’s mouth too felt like it had sand in it. He’d taken notice that minute grains of sand always whirled around the Fifth Floor that led to the outside.
Julius: “The sand from the sand dunes is full of miasma. If you don’t take it seriously because you think it’s just a small amount, it could end up eating into your body from the inside. We should move away from here as quickly as possible, so long as we have nothing to do here.”
Subaru: “In that case, let’s hop to it! My goal isn’t here, but rather on the Fourth Floor “Alcyone”….. Though yet more stairs sounds exhausting.”
Shaula: “The same ol’ weakness~. But, you needn’t fret.  The staircase between the Fourth and Fifth Floor is way shorter than the one between the Fifth and Sixth Floor. If they were too far apart, even I’d feel tired going back and forth, so that was taken into consideration~”
Meili: “Stop shaking me abo~ut.”
Shaula, who’d spread her arms out wide inside of the sand cloud and ran about in it, was met with a karate chop to the back of her head from Meili. Looking at that scene from the corner of their eyes, the group went through the Fifth Floor and headed to the staircase that led up to the Fourth Floor.
The breeze gently streamed in, and through his sight that was clouded over in a yellow haze by the gloomy above, where he looked up, there was a ceiling that didn’t look so far away―― He could see the floor of the floor above, and it looked like her opinion had in fact been true, in that it wasn’t too far away.
And so, as they set their sights on the Fourth Floor “Alcyone” whilst chatting, the group continued to march on upwards―― And before long, they reached their target floor.
The constitution of the Fourth Floor itself wasn’t too different from the Fifth or Sixth floor.
The cylindrical constitution of the tower hadn’t deviated from what it had been, and even its size hadn’t changed dramatically. ――Nevertheless, there was still an obvious change of atmosphere.
First of all, the size of the floor that went up the stairs was quite different to that of the lower floors.
The circular floor had become much narrower compared to them. And that wasn’t too surprising, because a circular wall had been built up as a partition like the main one of the building, and it used the space differently compared to the lower floors which had just been one big floor with nothing else to them.
The spiral staircase from the lower floors had connected straight to the heart of the Fourth Floor, and a great number of doors were dotted across the wall that encircled the surroundings, indicating that there were multiple rooms on this floor.
Shaula: “This is the Fourth Floor, “Alcyone”, that I use as myyyy dwelling area. And, the “Green Room” which I think is what Master came here for is right here.”
Subaru: “The Green Room…..?”
As Subaru stood in bewilderment looking on at the Fourth Floor’s new look, Shaula, who was standing on the floor after having come out after him, pointed out one of the doors in front with an overly-dramatic gesture.
The doors that were on the Fourth Floor were all of a normal size compared to the doorway on the Fifth Floor. It didn’t look like they’d need any special powers to open them, but there was a strange feeling floating about the door she had pointed out.
Just like the name “Green Room” implied, the door was covered in countless green ivy, and it had ended up in a state that looked similar to what an unexplored region of a jungle might look like that had been left untouched for centuries.
Subaru: “By saying this is what you think I came here for, do you mean that Rem and Patrasche are here?”
Shaula: “I don’t know their names, but the girl and the lizard are here.”
Ram: “You needn’t worry. You can rest assured that Rem and that Earth Dragon are inside.”
For the hesitant Subaru, Shaula’s testimony felt like it had lacked in reliability just a tad. Ram snorted her nose at them as if looking down at them like idiots, cut into the lead of the group, and headed towards the Green Room.
She stretched out her hand over to the door that was covered in ivy and pushed it (which looked like it was made of stone) without any hesitation. Even with how thin her arms were, the door opened readily as if gliding open, and therefrom the Green Room came into view.
Ram: “Aren’t you coming in? Barusu.”
Subaru: “I’m coming, I’m coming.”
Subaru let go of his apprehension when he heard Ram’s question, which had felt like she was testing him, and moved forward. Then he confidently entered inside of the Green Room, following Ram who’d entered ahead of him.
However, straight after Ram and Subaru entered inside, the door slammed shut. Subaru turned to look behind him in surprise.
Subaru: “Oy, we’ve been split up.”
Ram: “There’s no need to be scared. ――This room seems to have a limit on how many people can enter it. The proprietor of the room seems to hate having more.”
Ram said that about the debacle that had happened behind them, and brisky kept on moving forward. Subaru scratched his head at her explanation, and then immediately set out after her.
The Green Room didn’t betray the bizarreness of that door, its interior was covered in a copious amount of green. Wriggling plants stretched out just about everywhere you looked, across the ceiling, the walls and the floor. Every so often, he would need to stoop down to avoid the dangling ivy that got in his way, and side step it.
And, laying at the depths of this room dominated by such greenery was――.
Subaru: “Rem…. And Patrasche.”
There was a small plant-free space at the far back of this room immersed in greenery. Green grass grew dense and thick there, and some beds had been made, covered in small flowers that had taken bloom there.
Rem, her sleeping face ever the same, lay on top of the bed which was made up from greenery and flowers.
Her white cheeks hadn’t changed in colour, and neither had her sleeping face. Her chest was rising and falling with each faint breath, but when it came to proof that she was alive, those were her only vital signs barring the warmth she gave off.
Yet even so, he felt a great sense of relief to the point that his strength fizzled out of him.
Subaru: “She really was safe huh……”
Ram: “I did tell you so. Or, did you think that I’d lie about Rem or something? What meaning would I have in doing that.”
Subaru: “I ain’t saying that, but I couldn’t help worrying until I saw her with my own eyes you know…… And Patrasche, I’m glad that you’re safe too.”
Subaru gave a faint bittersweet smile as he heard Ram’s words, and then he walked further in towards where Rem was sleeping on her bed of grass and Patrasche sat crouched down.
She too was lying sprawled on a bed of green, just like Rem. The situation wasn’t all too different than when she’d lie down on top of her rushes in a barn. However, one thing was definitely different――,
Subaru: “……This grass is different to ordinary grass, isn’t it?”
Patrasche: “――――”
Patrasche nuzzled her nose against Subaru’s palm, who’d stepped over to her to make sure she was alright. Whilst affectionately receiving his beloved dragon’s response, Subaru felt a faint surge of warmth coming from the sprawled bed of greenery which Patrasche was on―― he cocked his head in thought.
Ram: “It appears like the Spirit’s power can speed up the healing process.”
Subaru: “There’s a spirit here? Where?”
Ram: “You’re a Spirit User and you don’t know? This whole room is the Spirit.”
Subaru: “――――”
Subaru briskly looked around the room at Ram’s words as he stroked Patrasche. He couldn’t see the Spirit’s existence reflected in his eyes amongst the moss that grew on the walls or in the overgrown ivy, however straight after he’d been told that by her, Subaru took notice of the overwhelming amount of Mana there was.
His breathing and body felt at ease as if he was in an area which was rich in oxygen.
There may have been a similar effect to that in the Healing Mana. Even the uninjured Subaru felt like he was receiving that grace when he relaxed himself and took deep breaths.
Subaru: “I think I get it. This is the Spirit for sure…. Can’t it talk?”
Ram: “The Spirit here is of a different kind….. Though, I guess you could easily say that there’s no such thing as spirits who don’t differ in some capacity. Emilia-sama’s esteemed Great Spirit, and Beatrice-sama….They’re special, it doesn’t seem like the Spirit over here has any sort of volition. It just tries to cure the wounds and illnesses of anyone who enters inside.”
Subaru: “H-eehh.”
Ram: “What’s the matter?”
Subaru: “It’s nothing important. I just thought that sounded like a Witch I know of.”
Ram snorted her nose at that, as if she’d thought hearing the word “Witch” was just some nonsense of his, then she walked over to Rem’s side. Following that, ivy started to grow right behind her, rapidly knitting itself together until it became a green chair that propped her body up, as if it had been cognizant of the elder sister’s intentions to watch over her younger sister.
Ram bowed her head in consideration for the Spirit, and said: “I really appreciate it” as she let herself slump on the chair.
Subaru: “Whooooa, awesome.”
Ram: “At least they’re certainly the most gentlemanly amongst the Spirits I’ve known up until now, don’t you think? You too should follow their example just a tad, Barusu. From both this Spirit, and that Knight Julius.”
Subaru: “I’d rather not from either of them.”
Subaru drove both of those individuals away from his head, and stroked Patrasche. He stroked her head, and tickled underneath her chin with his palm, before slowly letting her drop her raised head.
Subaru: “Get some rest now. You saved me once again, and overworked yourself. There’s no drawback in taking some paid leave every once in a while ya know.”
Patrasche: “――――”
Patrasche curled her body up, closed her yellow eyes and fell asleep after she heard Subaru’s gentle words. She’d brought them all the way to the tower, and they’d been able to confirm each other’s safety.
Just that had been plenty, Patrasche’s work had been plenty.
Subaru: “Any changes to Rem? If curing people is this room’s raison d’être, then I wonder if it can have that sort of intervention on how Rem is right now.….”
Ram: “I’m sorry, but that’s a slim hope. It’s neither good nor bad…. But there’s been no progress in her treatment. It can’t cure something which is neither a wound or an illness. Seems like that sort of judgement, doesn’t it?”
Subaru: “…..I guess so.”
Even so, it didn’t look like the Green Room’s spirit was unwilling to take care of the still sleeping Rem. It was also devoted towards Ram, who watched over the sleeping Rem.
Subaru: “In the end, this means nothing’s changed still, doesn’t it?”
Ram: “……If we want things to change, then we have to fulfill the aim that came up in the tower, don’t you think?”
Subaru: “The Great Library Pleiades, its trials, huh?”
Their original purpose had been to get in touch with the “Sage” who was in the Pleiades Watchtower, borrow her sagacity that had been stipulated to be omniscient, and save Rem and the victims of “Lust” and “Gluttony” that they’d left behind in Pristella.
However, Shaula, the “Sage” of the Pleiades Watchtower had been one in name only, and in actuality what they’d encountered was just one weird girl who’d mistook Subaru as the “Sage” Flugel. The Pleiades Watchtower had turned out to be the Great Library Pleiades, and the knowledge that had been stipulated as Shaula’s omniscience was sleeping inside countless books that were kept in the libraries, or so had been said.
That’s right, their purpose had become really distorted, and their end-goal had shifted in a direction which they couldn’t even predict.
Subaru: “I’ll get ahold of this knowledge and get Rem back. ――I haven’t wavered in that purpose.”
Ram: “……Yeah. So I hope.”
Ram cast her eyes down at Subaru rotating his shoulders, and nimbly stretching. With that, she tenderly took ahold of the sleeping Rem’s hand without glancing at Subaru.
Closing one of his eyes at Ram’s attitude, Subaru pointed his finger at the ceiling.
Subaru: “I’ve decided to challenge the trial above. What about you?”
Ram: “Don’t you think it’d be too much of a cause for anxiety if no one is looking after Rem? Considering that, I will take on that duty. Since from the start it was for watching over Rem that I came on this journey and even went as far as asking such unreasonableness from Roswaal-sama.”
Subaru: “That’s, well, yeah I guess so. In that case I’ll entrust Rem to you.”
Ram: “I can’t really do much other than watch her, though.”
Subaru: “You watching over has meaning you know.”
Saying that to Ram, who had unusually disparaged herself, Subaru looked over at Rem’s sleeping face just before he exited the room. She was in a dream where her facial expression had been extinguished, and he couldn’t say she looked either peaceful or anguished.
He stretched out his hand to her forehead which her fringe rested against, and gently touched it as if he were tickling her.
Subaru: “Well then, I’m off, I’ll see you later.”
Rem: “――――”
Of course, she didn’t reply.
Ram understood that he’d been talking to himself as well, so she didn’t callously interject. Satisfied with that, Subaru turned towards the room’s exit.
He couldn’t help himself from stretching his hand out to the wall, and as he touched the ivy, he asked the spirit, “Please take care of Rem and Patrasche”, lest the Spirit forget.
Then, just before he exited the room, he suddenly stopped in his tracks.
Subaru: “By the way, you said something like you couldn’t leave Rem alone, but just now you’d left the room empty. Why did you bother to come downstairs?”
Ram: “――――”
Subaru: “No way, could it be that when you heard that I’d woken up, you came to see me as quickly as you could? If there was something up, then please let me know…..”
Ram: “Get a move on and leave.”
Subaru: “Huh? No, but, if there’s something on your mind, then won’t you tell me.”
Ram: “Hurry up and leave.”
Overwhelmed by the ghastly aura that was spouting up from her, Subaru couldn’t say anything more to her, and thus was left with no choice but to flee from the Green Room crestfallen.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
Subaru: “I never really get what Ram thinks about, but I especially don’t understand her well as of late.”
Emilia: “Hmm, I don’t think so, Ram is surprisingly open with that sort of stuff. I find it cute that she tries to hide that open part of hers.”
Subaru: “It’s quite rare for you to speak as if you’re her elder….. Though I guess you really are her elder.”
Emilia: “Yeah, it’s a little bit like I’m her big sis. I’m older than anyone else here…..Oh, wait.”
Beatrice: “Mhhhm, Betty is definitely the big sis here, in fact. That’s carved in stone and no one can paint over it, I suppose. You should all adore me, in fact.”
As soon as he’d left the Green Room, he’d joined back with everyone waiting outside, which had led to this conversation.
Emilia looked a tad frustrated at having had her seat of being the oldest in the Team taken away from her, whilst Beatrice puffed out her flat chest in satisfaction. Though, to be honest, neither of them had big sister like demeanours.
Besides, a conversation of who the oldest was in light of their circumstances was in fact quite a delicate matter.
Anastasia: “Hmm? Natsuki-kun, what is it? D’ya have somethin’ ya want ta tell me?”
Subaru: “Not really. Just meant to say that there’s many faces here that don’t match their real age in appearance.”
Anastasia: “Oh? I get told “You look younger than you actually are” quite often. It’s a lil’ hard for me ta take ‘em as a compliment, but I look down on bein’ looked down on, so dependin’ how they say it, I may accept it.”
Though Anastasia smiled with a strong look of business about her face, how she was really feeling was unclear.
Anastasia was just over 20 years old, but she looked about 14 or 15. However, what Subaru had wanted to point out wasn’t what lay on the outside, but what lay on the inside. Anastasia still had her body hijacked by Eridna currently.
If Eridna’s birth had been the same as Beatrice, then it wouldn’t be difficult for her to enter into the race for the oldest. However, it’d be impossible for him to reveal what he’d concealed up until now over such a trifling matter, so Subaru didn’t say anything else.
Moreover, there were other prominent candidates for the race for the oldest when confined to the present.
Shaula: “Hey, what’s up Master? Uh huh, hm, didn’cha like the grassy smell of the Green Room? I get that. I toooo find that room nasty and dislikeable~”
Subaru: “Didn’t you say there was a pungent smell coming from me too? You’re cool with mine!?”
Shaula: “Master’s is a smell I’ve gotten used to. Truly. This time it ain’t no lie!”
Subaru: “Shut your trap.”
Keeping Shaula away from him, who had nestled up close to him and sniffed him, Subaru looked up at the floor above. Those left on the Fourth Floor would challenge the trial above barring Rem and Ram――.
Subaru: “What about you? Are you coming with us?”
Shaula: “Meeee? Weell, I don’t particularly need to, but since it’s been so long, I do think I want to come with you. Cuz it gets lonely not being able to talk despite being perfectly able to. I’ve been cooped up in silence for centuries, so I want to talk and talk and taaaalk~”
Subaru still couldn’t get cold at her with her having said such a heartrending thing with a friendly smile plastered on her face. He imagined that Emilia and Beatrice both knew that sort of loneliness all too well. His feelings towards Shaula were deeply tinged with sympathy, so he didn’t really have any intentions of actively keeping her away.
Meili: “I rea~lly like this Onee-san, so I thi~nk she should come with us.”
Julius: “It’s only natural that the examiner is present there if we’re going to take the trial. It’s just for her to accompany us to make sure that we don’t commit any irregularities.”
Support for that came in an unexpected form from Meili and Julius. With them having done so, it meant that the majority of them backed Shaula accompanying them.
Lastly, Subaru looked over at Anastasia, who hadn’t made any comments about it, so to unite their consensus.
Receiving that gaze, Anastasia tilted her head and said “Me?”
Anastasia: “I don’t think there’s any meaning in just me opposin’ this here, ‘n I ain’t got any reason ta oppose it in the first place, ‘n it’s not particularly a problem? Besides…”
Subaru:”Besides?”
Anastasia: “That girl seems way too attached ta ya Natsuki-kun, so if we take her with us, she may tell us stuff about the contents of the trial. She may inadvertently come ta our side.”
Shaula: “I’m sowwy, but I haven’t the foggiest about the contents of the trials, so I’m gonna have to let you down there.”
Subaru: “Jeez, did you really have to say it like that.”
Anastasia laughed with a Tahaha, and Shaula looked smug as if she had been praised.
It was questionable whether Anastasia’s anticipations boded good fortune or bad, but for now, no one seemed to have any objections to Shaula accompanying them.
Although he couldn’t deny that it was a little careless, leaving her alone was also an anxiety in itself, so the only difference came from leaving the danger far away or near at hand.
Subaru: “Okay. We shall go together. It doesn’t look like we can count on you, but I have high hopes of you coming up with ideas.”
Shaula: “He’s talking to you, lil’ ankle biter. Do your best!”
Beatrice: “He’s talking to you, I suppose! What were you listening to, in fact!”
Shaula curled her lips with a look on her face of having brought up a topic that she shouldn’t have. Whilst listening to Beatrice’s angry yells, the group opened the door of a room opposite to the Green Room―― and when they peered inside, they found the stairs that led up there.
Subaru: “We’re done with spiral staircases?”
Shaula: “The Fourth Floor “Alcyone” and the Third Floor “Taygeta” are directly connected. I don’t really go up unless I got business, so I’ve seldom been.”
Subaru: “What this business you refer to?”
Shaula: “It’s a young maiden’s secret.”
Moving his gaze away from Shaula as soon as she started to show signs of her inanities, Subaru looked over at Julius. Him and the others should have already challenged the Third Floor whilst he’d slept.
He expected that he’d be able to hear something useful out of him, but that knight calmly shrugged his shoulders.
Julius: “I apologise for this when you have expectations, but we we understood very little about it. Immediately after you climb up to the Third Floor, you’ll come across the room that’s referred to as a trial, but…..”
Subaru: “But?”
Julius: “What lies there is an unintelligible enigma. The honest truth is that we weren’t able to find any clues to solve it, and we ended up having no idea what to do.”
Subaru: “An unintelligible enigma…..?”
Subaru shifted his attention to the top of the stairs without getting the point in Julius’ words. The floor above was dark, and he wasn’t able to tell how it looked from below. However, that stillness made it look more sinister.
Emilia: “But, it doesn’t look like you can just enter and see what to do. Nothing really changed even when we went in and out…… We were simply just given the cold shoulder.”
Beatrice: “It makes me so irritated when I think on how we were ignored, I suppose.”
It seemed like Emilia and Beatrice also agreed with Julius’ impression.
In reality, although it was said to be a trial, none of them had been able to challenge it. His levels of wariness had just shot up as the word “Ordeal” closely resembled it.
Subaru: “Well it can’t be helped. Nothing ventured, nothing gained. ――Then let us go?”
Emilia: “Yeah, that’s the spirit.”
Beatrice: “That’s the spirit, in fact.”
Shaula: “That’s the spirit.”
Receiving all three of their affirmations each in their own manner of speaking, Subaru took the initiative and put one of his feet on the stairs. Then, step by step, he headed up towards the floor above―― Unlike the spiral staircases from before, the number of steps to get to the Third Floor was about the same as an ordinary building.
Thus, in contrast to his preparedness, Subaru stormed straight into the Third Floor “Taygeta” to the point that it felt he’d gotten there way too quickly.
Subaru: “I’m in a…..”
Immediately after he entered, Subaru felt an overwhelming sense of unease. A clump of unease, or rather should he say that it was an expanse that invited nothing but unease?
――It was a white, white expanse.
Although it must be an extension of the tower that had up until now been cylindrical in shape, what greeted Subaru after he’d climbed the stairs was a strange expanse completely dyed in white in every direction.
The expanse-like vastness shouldn’t have been that different in size to the tower so far, but neither its walls, nor the end could be seen in this incredibly white expanse. When he looked up above, he couldn’t tell where the ceiling was, when he looked down at his feet, only the part where the stairs were was a slightly ajar black. Other than that, the floor was so white that it made him scared to walk on it.
He couldn’t tell that the floor was the floor, or he’d end up being hit by an illusion that felt like he was in continuous free fall just about everywhere. The ceiling and the walls were the same―― Subaru felt like he’d probably end up going crazy if he lost sight of the stairs that led downstairs here
And, at the front of this white expanse――right in front of the stairs, there was a strange object floating up.
Subaru: “A stone slab…..?”
That was the impression that slipped out from Subaru’s mouth when he looked at that object. In fact, the object was such that it could only be expressed like so.
It was a single, black slab, that had been built in the shape of a quadrilateral, and had an incredibly smooth feeling to it.
He couldn’t call it a “Stone slab” if it wasn’t built from stone, but he had no other way of calling it considering that it wasn’t metallic as well.
If he really had to call it something else that was more flashy, then he’d probably use the term “Monolith”.
The silent Monolith had acquired a strange floating power and was floating up dozens of centimetres above the floor.
Or at least it should be. His eyes were thrown completely out of whack in checking how far it was off the ground due to the whiteness of the floor, and it became more and more unclear to him. However, the Monolith that was floating in mid-air was there cool as you like.
It was roughly the same height as Subaru, and its width was about the size of two people lined up together―― If he had to put it as something that was similar in size to it, then the impression he got was like as if a tatami was floating up.
Subaru: ”What the heck is this strange thing?”
Julius: “If I were to try and put it into different words, I’d say this is the contrivance that stuck out this enigma before us.”
Julius glared at the Monolith, standing beside Subaru, whose awareness had been gripped by this strange spectacle.
Julius’ face looked sterner than usual, as if he’d been already made to experience great hardship by the Monolith many times over. The rest of them had made it up to the Third Floor now, and were huddled together in an effort to ward off the indistinct atmosphere present inside of the white expanse.
Subaru: “This ain’t a room I want to stay long in.”
Julius: ”That I agree. If we stay here too long, it’s quite likely that we’ll lose our sense of balance. And if you end up running towards the stairs and your feet slip, I imagine your life could end up being cut short, wouldn’t you think?”
Anastasia: “Yoohoo, Julius. Stop with the unnecessary prattle.”
Anastasia puffed out her cheeks in protest at Julius’ prattle. It looked like she’d slipped on the way back before, which is what Julius was referring to.
However, Subaru had no intention of laughing at that mishap. In actual fact, this room had been clearly made with the goal of putting people’s senses out of whack. The room seemed like it embodied the wickedness of the nature of the person who’d made it.
Subaru: “So, what should we do about the main mystery?”
Beatrice: “You should touch that slab, in fact. The trial begins if you do, I suppose.”
Subaru: “Should I really touch the Monolith?”
Julius: “Monolith? That’s a name that fits quite well with its mysteriousness. Let’s call it like that from now on.”
Subaru stepped away from Julius, who was in admiration of that strangeness, and moved forward on their behalf. Since no one stopped him he walked all the way over to the Monolith.
He’d expected the Monolith to let off a strange, ominous feeling when he approached―― But it wasn’t like that, it was pretty much just a plain old slab of stone other than the fact it was floating. When he thought of it like a tatami floating about, he felt the fear he’d had at first fade just a little.
Subaru: “Anyways, so I’ll go ahead and touch it? Can I get a countdown?”
Emilia: “Ah, right, I’d like to do it. Three, two, one…..”
Subaru: “So damn quick! I got this, though. ”
Emilia raised her hand up and volunteered to Subaru’s appeal; then her countdown began. As she counted down, Subaru panicked and turned around to face the Monolith.
And then,
Emilia: “Zero――!”
Subaru touched the Monolith at the same time she counted zero―― And the next moment, the surface of the black slab glowed from the inside. Just as it did, the scene in front of his eyes grew blurred.
No, it wasn’t exactly blurred.
The Monolith which Subaru had touched started to grow in numbers whilst glowing with a black radiance.
The Monolith shot out replicated Monolith after Monolith from its back whilst making their surface glow. They were all hurled across the room at an incredible rate of knots, scattered in strange positions, all floating.
Countless Monoliths had been strewn out across the white expanse, and Subaru had been taken by surprise by that change. Then, passing through the awestruck Subaru’s eardrums―― straight to his brain, a voice echoed.
???: “――Touch the brightest of the hero destroyed by Shaula.”
Subaru: “――hk!?”
Subaru jerked his hand away from the Monolith in surprise when he heard that voice ring out so abruptly. And, as he staggered back, someone propped his back up from behind.
He turned around to look at them. There, he found Julius’ face. Julius touched his fringe with his left hand as he propped Subaru up with his right, and said,
Julius: “Well look at this. Our first surprise, can I count on you sympathising with it, I wonder?”
Subaru: “What an assholish thing to say――!!”
Subaru’s protests only made Julius’ sardonic smile grow deeper.
In any case, the “Trial” had genuinely started now.
The trial of the Great Library Pleiades, Third Floor “Taygeta”.
Time-limit: “No Restrictions”. Number of attempts: “No Restrictions”. Challengers: “No Restrictions”.
――Trial, start.


Chapter 22
After he untangled himself from Julius, and stood unaided, he turned to face the “Trial”.
In front of Subaru’s eyes, the figures of countless replica Monoliths were spread out across the white expanse from the heart of the Monolith he’d touched. To be honest, there were so many of them that he’d get sick and tired were he to count them.
Subaru: “This would be the “Trial” you meant….. right, Shaula?”
Shaula: “Looks like it right? I wanna see Master flaunt his forte!”
Subaru: “Don’t start saying stuff like a band would at a drinking party…..”
He wouldn’t know since he’d never been to one, but that was probably how things went there.
Subaru looked around the room behind Shaula, who’d cheered him on with her easy-going manner. The floor was still enveloped in white, with everything from their ability to tell distance to their ability to tell height going haywire.
The only change that stood out were the Monoliths that were dotted about the place, but those too weren’t particularly different from the first one. There seemed to be a bit of a difference in size between them, but other than that, they were the same in that they both floated in mid-air and were made of a strange material.
Subaru: “Speaking of stuff that we were given as a clue other than those, there’s still that thing from before.”
What he’d recalled was the voice that had echoed inside his brain when he’d touched the Monolith.
???: “――Touch the brightest of the hero destroyed by Shaula.”
The sound hadn’t come through his eardrums, but rather it’d been whispered straight to his brain inside his skull; it’d been closer to that. The voice he’d heard hadn’t been a sound, so the general concept of it being “Someone’s voice” couldn’t be applied here.
If he were to put it in other words, it was like the words had been jammed into his brain like a sentence that he’d thought of. There was no sound in his thoughts. Thus, you couldn’t comprehend who the voice belonged to. If anything, it was from himself.
Subaru: “That voice which could be heard was the trial question, you reckon? If that’s the case…..”
Julius: “Subaru, I’m sorry to interrupt whilst you’re thinking, but there’s a few important things I have to say. I don’t think it’ll hurt to go ahead after hearing those.”
Julius, who’d played a practical joke on him earlier, said that to Subaru whilst he racked his mind. Nearby the stairs which led down, Emilia and the rest of them were circled around the Monolith frozen around it. Everyone of them looked puzzled. Subaru shrugged his shoulders in appreciation of Julius, who was beckoning them to his side, and said “Oh?”
Subaru: “Is that so? All of you challenged it before whilst I was sleeping. Did you make any progress?”
Julius: “I guess I can’t really call it progress. Anyways. Subaru, please try and touch the stone slab…… I mean, the “Monolith” that’s right here.”
Subaru: “Does doing this please you that much? Well, sure whatever…..”
Subaru narrowed his eyes at Julius, who’d stuck to referring to it as a Monolith, and walked over to the Monolith that was on his right hand side. The slab was one of the replicas of the original Monolith. As he got closer, he could see that this one was just a little smaller than the original.
Subaru: “What if it’s a trap, where the moment I touch it my arm gets swallowed up?”
Beatrice: “It’s okay, in fact. If something like that happened, Betty would become your right arm for the rest of your life, I suppose.”
Emilia: “Ah, then I’d become Subaru’s left hand. You can rest assured.”
Subaru: “Both of my arms would be gone if we suppose that though!”
Thanks to Beatrice and Emilia’s reassuring pledges, Subaru summoned up his courage and stretched out his hand to the Monolith. He wasn’t really worried about the act of touching it in itself.
So long as his companions had recommended him to do this, and didn’t try to stop him, he had no reason to doubt his safety. The issue was simply the chance that they were concealing the truth as with the Monolith’s replicating themselves――.
Subaru: “Oh?”
Still full of anxiety, as soon as his fingertips brushed against the Monolith, the black stone slab shone so brightly that it almost scorched his eyes. In fact, its radiance had caused Subaru to hold his breath and immediately cover his face with his arm.
Then, after the light faded away, what remained in front of Subaru’s eyes was…
Subaru: “Huh? Where did the Monolith go?”
Shaula: “Hehehe, behind youuu Master.”
Subaru: “Behind me…..?”
After that flash of light, Subaru affirmed that the Monolith that should have been in front of him had disappeared. Surprised by what had happened, he turned to look behind him at Shaula who had nonsensically shouted out in triumph.
When he turned around, at the front of the stairs―― In other words, at the place where the original Monolith had stood, the first Monolith stood alone. All the rest of them had disappeared from the room.
Subaru: “So, in other words…… this means?”
Julius: “That everything went back to its original state. To put it shortly, it looks like we’ve been deemed to have messed up by the “Trial”. Of course.…..”
Stepping away from the dejected Subaru’s side, Julius carelessly approached the original Monolith. And then, immediately after he stretched out his hand and touched its surface, that voice echoed out through his mind――.
???: “――Touch the brightest of the hero destroyed by Shaula.”
Once again, at the same time which the challenge was posed to them, Monolith after Monolith were replicated from the original and scattered all around the room with the same force as before. The “Trial” was distributed around therefrom.
In other words, they could call this a “Retry”.
Subaru: “I see. It must mean we can think as much as we want until we find an answer.”
Julius: “That’s our guess right now. There happens to be this Monolith, but I can say that even when we went around touching Monoliths at random…. We couldn’t find an answer.”
Subaru: “Ah, so you’ve already tried bruteforcing it?”
Subaru broke down Julius’ mild manner of speaking to the bread and bones of it. Emilia and Meili, who’d heard that explanation, were patting their heads with what seemed to be a look of embarrassment about them.
Just try touching and checking every single one of them, certainly it looked like they’d tried to carry out that tactic. Nevertheless, it didn’t seem to have done the trick.
Subaru: “It’s a “Trial” after all. It means we have to solve the problem and answer it.”
Julius: “It looks like our examiner doesn’t appreciate answers that are just given out at random.”
Subaru: “Yeah, seems so. So like a Sensei who doesn’t give you credit unless you write down all of your working out, and doesn’t allow you to just put answers in the test’s answer column. The anti-cheating measures sure do appear quickly though.”
Reaching an answer without showing how you derived it could only come as a result of cheating or a hunch. Often times, till Primary School, he’d come across problems which he’d find answers to using his hunches, but the main point to Mathematics was to learn how to derive the problem, not to regurgitate the problem willy-nilly on the spot.
One time during Primary School, when he’d been marked down for the lack of clarity in his working out, he remembered how resentful he’d been about it, but――
Subaru: “After all this time, it looks like my Sensei was right….”
Anastasia: “I’m sorry ta butt in when yer still absorbed in yer thoughts, Natsuki-kun, but rather yer turn ain’t from here. Come on, snap back to reality, snap back.”
Subaru: “Huh, ah, oh, my bad. But, what do you mean by my turn?”
Anastasia called Subaru, whose eyes had glazed over, back to reality, and then clapped her hand on his back. As Subaru tilted his head at her appeal, everyone looked around at each other, and broke into mutters.
What they were saying was the same thing, so combining it and paraphrasing it into other words――, “It’s down to Subaru to find out who the hero destroyed by Shaula is”.
Emilia: “We challenged the “Trial” many times over until Subaru woke up. However, that girl wouldn’t even tell us whether or not she was Shaula when we did.”
Beatrice: “As far as we were concerned, Shaula was the “Sage”, in fact. We thought they were the person on the drawing engraved on the Silver Coin, so we didn’t connect this woman with Shaula, I suppose.”
Those were Emilia and Beatrice’s replies, both of whom hadn’t been able to hear Shaula’s story till then.
Ever since Subaru had woken up, he’d seen Shaula communicate with him with an air of over-familiarity that was way off the marks of typical friendliness, and because of that it was hard to believe for him that she’d refused to say anything to them. However, her not telling them anything more couldn’t be helped since she’d kept her mouth shut towards those in the tower.
Having said that though, Subaru was still worried.
Even if Shaula had had her tongue unsealed, and became able to talk about that…
Subaru: “I guess it doesn’t hurt to ask. Hey, Shaula. If you know anything, please tell me everything about the hero you destroyed.”
Shaula: “Leave this to me. Remembering stuff like each of the names of the guys I’ve killed is second class work….. For a first class individual like meeee, I don’t remember past the 100 mark.”
Subaru: “Of course you’d say that!”
Shaula gave him a thumbs and then winked. Receiving that vigorous response, Subaru slapped his knee.
Just as he’d expected and feared, her reply was an air-headed Shaula-like one.
He had suspected that was likely going to happen with how she’d acted and talked till now. There was the chance that she, who would seemingly know the answer to “The hero that Shaula destroyed” didn’t remember it anywhere in her head.
Julius: “However, we won’t make any progress if we end it with that. Miss Shaula, do you really not remember anything? It doesn’t matter even if it’s a tiny little detail.”
Shaula: “That’s easier said than done. I juuuust Hell’s Snipe everyone who comes near to the tower, and their corpses end up being cleaned up by the Witchbeasts outside.”
Anastasia: “Okay, but isn’ that strange? Could it be a “Trial” ta see whether we can reveal the tower’s knowledge in the first place? It’d be a strange sequence of events for it ta require us ta show somethin’ that happened after Shaula-san’s tenure in protectin’ the tower started.”
Shaula had pouted, saying she didn’t have any clue, but Anastasia pointed out the out of place feeling in what she’d said. Everyone other than Shaula had agreed with her opinion with an “I see”. For sure, it was difficult to imagine that the problem posed inside the tower came about after her tenure in the tower had started. Then naturally that meant the period of time which “Shaula had destroyed the hero” came before the tower’s construction.
Beatrice: “In other words, that means it’s from before you started firing at people at random, in fact. Come on, remember, I suppose. It’s like all of your nourishment ended up just in your buttocks and breasts, so your memory’s become poor, in fact.”
Shaula: “This appearance was chosen by my Mother~. Butbut, even if you say “Remember”, it’s not gonna honestly come out. Before the tower was built, right?”
Emilia: “Yeah, that’s right. Before the tower was built. During that time, do you happen to know of anyone that you kille…..I mean destroyed?”
Gathered near the stairway with Shaula in the middle of them, they desperately tried to awaken her memories. However, Shaula, who was basked in everyone’s expectations, gave no signs that they’d been successful, and she groaned out with an “Ahiiin”
Subaru: “Is it true or not that you’ve been around since 400 years ago? If I name a bunch of the noteworthy people around that time, you wouldn’t happen to have killed 2 or 3 of them, would you?”
Shaula: “Master, are you thinking that about meeee? I’m a maiden who likes to dabble with flowers ya know.”
Subaru: “That’s no maiden, more like a caterpillar.”
Emilia: “Subaru, I think your way of speaking just now was ever so rude. If she doesn’t want to remember, then don’t push her and force her to…..”
Subaru: “Emilia-tan, your kindness is your super-virtue, your best feature, but this woman is the more you pamper her, the more useless she becomes type, don’t you think!? I can tell! ‘Cause I’m the same!”
Emilia had firmly puffed out her chest and declared that. But, it wasn’t that Shaula couldn’t remember because she didn’t want to in the first place, but rather that her memory was so poor that she just couldn’t.
The topic was one which he’d wanted to handle delicately since one of his members had a bunch of difficult problems in regards to memories, but it was a different matter when it came to Shaula.
Subaru: “Practically, it’ll be no problem if I fire off some random names, right? I don’t know how one of them striking the answer would react with the Monoliths, though.”
Anastasia: “It’s definitely gotta be as Natsuki-kun says. I wonder though, even if we find out the answa’, how can we then touch “The Brightest”?”
Considering that the Monolith he’d touched had disappeared, and the “Trial” seemed to have adjudicated them as having messed up, he could predict that their answer’s final form would probably be to “Touch the correct Monolith”.
The issue then was how they would find the “Correct Monolith”. Even if they chipped at Shaula’s memories he didn’t get the feeling like it’d become clear, one could say.
Meili: “Bu~t, even if we think forever, we won’t make any progress, ri~ght? Since Naked Onee-san is pretty cooperati~ve, I thi~nk we might as well ask her.”
Still holding onto Shaula’s bare shoulders, Meili butted in between the adults who were stumbling over what to do. She looked at the group of Monoliths with a look of boredom on her face as she fiddled about with Shaula’s scorpiontail.
Meili: “There’s n~o ickle Witchbeasties around, there’s n~o progress, and it’s really not fun he~re. Speed things up, I wanna go back to the Mansio~n.”
Everyone: “――――”
Everyone was at a loss for words at the words which Meili had uttered. Following straight after that, Meili said “”What is i~t?”, as Subaru patted her head.
Meili: “What is it I wo~nder?”
Subaru: “Nothing, I just think it’s as you say. You’re right. This place is sandy as hell, and on top of that, there’s a bunch of scary Witchbeasts prowling about outside. We’ll quickly take care of things here, settle all our problems….. wake up Rem, retrieve a means to save the people in need, and then we shall skedaddle out of here.”
Treading around things with anxiety before attempting them was a waste of valuable time. It felt to him like the “Trial” had been set up by someone rather ill-natured and that he was playing right into their hands.
Shaula: “Master, Master. You do know that there’s an easy-to-stroke head right next to that lil’ ankle biter.”
Subaru: “I said this already. You’re the same as me in that you’re the type which when pampered falls unendingly into corruption. That’s why from here on out we’re doing this the Spartan way. Hurry the hell up and remember.”
Shaula: “Do I have toooo?”
Puffing her cheeks out in dissatisfaction, Shaula seemed to be in full-pout. However, she’d be easy to handle since after a few dozen seconds she’d start humming with a face like she’d forgotten.
Julius: “Well then, our young lady requests it too. Shall we try and get on with testing out the possibilities we have in front of us without dithering about?”
Anastasia: “Mhm, that’s probably a good idea. It’s relievin’ that it’s okay even if we fail a buncha’ times. In most cases in human life, things are decided in just a single bout…… So, this is quite a generous problem don’cha think?”
Although Meili had set things off in motion, Julius and Anastasia had also came into agreement with her. Thus, it was time to make her remember “The Hero destroyed and forgotten by Shaula” once again.
Subaru: “For now let’s go with a name that you remember……Yeah. Ah, how about Reid? That dude was the first ever “Sword Saint”; You killed him, didn’t you?”
Shaula: “AIIIIIIIIIIIIIEEEEEE!!”
Meili: “GYAAAA!”
Subaru: “Third Base Cleanup”
Straight after he’d nonchalantly pulled out that name, Shaula let out a high pitched shriek and leapt backwards. Subaru performed a diving catch on Meili, who’d been dropped having been unable to withstand that injection of momentum.
After he safely brought Meili back to the ground, Shaula, who’d jumped up and fled far away into the room, had gotten smaller in view.
Subaru: “Hey! I’m sorry! I don’t really know why you’re acting like that, but get back here!”
Shaula: “P-please don’t say such scary stuff. Master’s a real mean guy. The absolute worst. A maiden’s distress. A liability issue.”
Even though she spoke frivolously, Shaula’s voice as she skulked back was shaking feebly. She sure did act tough, but she wasn’t all that. Unmistakably, fear and dread had caused her to react like that.
Naturally, the reason behind her fear could only be but one.
Subaru: “Huh, is the First “Sword Saint” such a scary person?”
Julius: “How foolish. Reinhardt, Wilhelm-sama and such are esteemed individuals worthy of the forefather of the Astrea family. He definitely wasn’t just skilled with the sword, but a man of character as well. Certainly, there are some parts sprinkled into the anecdotes that were left behind as rumours that indicate that he was rather strong-willed which don’t overlap with Reinhardt and the rest, but…… If it’s not like that, then wouldn’t that’d mean the history of the Astrea Family has been twisted till this current generation?”
Subaru: “Not really, but when you unravel history, and the viewpoint of prominent statesmen also changes, you’ll find that Japanese History is sufficiently cruel too. If we compare it to that, then I mean we can’t really start speaking about definites here…..”
Julius: “Dear goodness, let’s not delve into this sort of talk. It’s alright. We can get a clarification to the story if we get her to talk as she’s a living witness here. Come now, let’s listen to her.”
Julius started to ramble on with tremendous vigour at Subaru, who had hazarded a guess at Reid’s temperament from Shaula’s reaction. And to make matters worse, he’d handled things by dismissing Subaru, who’d tried to defend his point, with a laugh.
After so long, Subaru could once again see a glimpse of the figure of that gaudy knight which he’d first seen at the Royal Selection. He now knew that his attitude back then had been down to him playing the villain. Though, whenever he saw him like this, he sure did get the impression that he still was like when they’d first met.
In any case,
Julius: “Your impressions regarding The First “Sword Saint”, Reid Astrea. Miss Shaula, I’d like you to tell us your candid impression of him.”
Shaula: “He was human garbage.”
Julius: “I’d like you to tell us your candid impression of him.”
Subaru: “Don’t pretend like she didn’t say anything!!”
Subaru shoved Julius’ shoulder, who’d tried to ignore that inconvenient tidbit, and made him face the facts. Pointing his finger at Shaula, who had a troubled look on her face, Subaru continued.
Subaru: “Hey, listen up. The truth about the history you wanted to know about is right here. She’s a living witness to it. Go on, tell me as many anecdotes about Reid Astrea as you like, of that magnanimous man of character skilled in the sword.”
Julius: “……Those who hold exceptional talent end up having confidence in themselves, more or less. That shouldn’t be chastised, rather, it should be something you take pride in. If you end up becoming the greatest swordsman recorded in history, even acting like such is, yeah, when you take into account how things were back then, it would be suitable――”
Subaru: “It’s the first time I’ve seen you so desperate.”
Julius too became flustered as if he was considering just how unconvincing he sounded.
Setting Julius aside, who’d been betrayed by the history which he ever so loved, Shaula’s “Truth of Reid Astrea” was pouring out of her without an end in sight.
Shaula: “Well, anyways, he was a nasty guy. His personality was like that of an unruly brat’s in adult-form, and he loved to bully the weak. Or I guess if we look at it from that garbage’s point of view, almost all of his opponents were weak, so he’d be bullying the weak no matter who he fought against. He did that a lot to meeee too.”
Emilia: “But, he was able to keep doing that to you even though you’re so strong? Ah, since it happened over 400 years ago, you must’ve still been small then too?”
Shaula: “I’veeee been like this ever since I was born. So, between now and back then, I’veeeee not changed, however….. That thing was just out of the ordinary. A total piece of shit.”
Garbage, piece of shit, the hero of yore had been harshly evaluated as such.
The darkness wasn’t vanishing from Shaula’s attitude, as if many hateful memories had come flooding back to her. It was the same as when a person who’d been bullied recalled what the bully had done to them.
Shaula: “You should always keep that piece of shit in mind. Even if the bully forgets, the one bullied absolutely never will, and that’s a fact…..”
Subaru: “I’m not really surprised since there’s a precedent in Reinhardt, but it’d take quite a monster to knock you down a few pegs, and Reid Astrea’s one too.”
Shaula: “He really was the worst. But, I was able to get him to use both hands once every ten times we fought.”
Subaru: “……I see.”
He could only answer with that. Had she set her goals high or low in making him use both of his hands once every ten times, and not to gain victory once every ten times?
Subaru felt like he wouldn’t be able to make Reinhardt use both his hands even once every hundred times, so he could admit that her putting up a fight like that had been plenty enough.
Subaru: “Well, we can put off asking about Reid. It’s pretty pointless for us to ask if you didn’t destroy him.”
Julius: “――. ――――. I agree. There’s other things we ought to prioritise right now.”
Subaru: “Didn’t you waste time doing that just now?”
Subaru couldn’t tell whether he had a scholarly interest in it, or it was a curiousity spurred from a simple hobby, but he judged that for now, perhaps Julius wouldn’t be of any use.
Although he felt sorry for Julius, who’d had his illusions shattered, unfortunately for him, Subaru had no reason to care about Reinhardt’s ancestor right now. To begin with, Reinhardt himself was already more than plenty enough amazing no matter how amazing his bloodline was. At least considering his “Father’s” nature, he was sure that Reinhardt had been abounding in it.
Subaru: “Then, let’s leave all speculation about who the hero is to the guy who knows best.”
Julius: “Gotcha. I shall humbly accept.”
Subaru: “I still wasn’t talking about you, but sure. Go for it. Beako, help him out with it.”
Beatrice: “Gotcha, in fact.”
He left the task to Julius since he was willing to do it. And getting Beatrice to assist him as a helper, who boasted 400 years of knowledge, was ideal.
Emilia: “Then what shall we do?”
Subaru: “We’ll take a closer look at the surroundings.”
He’d leave the hero-related stuff to Julius and Beatrice, who’d remain by Shaula, and meanwhile he wanted to take a look at the arrangement issue.
Namely, how the replicated Monoliths were arranged―― If there was some significance to their uneven arrangement, then taking the time to search for the pattern behind it probably wouldn’t be a waste.
Subaru: “First of all, the first one…. is in front of the stairs.”
Emilia: “It’s the Monolith that hands out the question, right?”
The Monoliths weren’t lined up in a narrow enough space to the extent that they had to be careful not to bump into them, nevertheless, Subaru took Anastasia and Emilia and looked around the Monoliths inside the room.
There was a surprising difference in size between the scattered Monoliths when he double checked. However, there wasn’t a single one of them that was as large as the series of original Monoliths, the figures of countless Monoliths which were one or two times smaller were scattered about after them.
Subaru: “When you take a look at it….. I guess there’s about 7 or 8 Monoliths that are about the same size as the first Monolith?”
Emilia: “I guess so? Yeah, I think so too. I think the ones that are reaaaally far away are all quite small. We’ll end up restarting things if we touch those too, though.”
Subaru: “From the way you’re talking about it, it looks like you’ve done that before…. Ah, Sorry. Nevermind about that.”
Seeing sadness build up in Emilia’s eyes, Subaru caught himself before he said too much. Returning back in front of the first Monolith, Subaru turned to face the two girls and plunged into thought.
Subaru: “Touch the brightest of the hero destroyed by Shaula……I feel like it’s trying to say something ‘cool’.” 
Anastasia: “I guess it must be sayin’ somethin’ abstract. Unfortunately, we can’t go overlookin’ the question when we take into account what comes out of relyin’ on Shaula-san’s memory.”
Subaru: “Well, I suppose so.”
In essence, relying on others, or on the being that had been left behind in the tower as its warden, to get that answer was really unfair with it being labelled as a “Trial”.
Subaru and the others hadn’t expected friendly contact when they’d made it to the tower―― However, they ended up making it into the tower without coming to blows with Shaula; if it hadn’t ended up like that, they would have fallen into a quagmire of massacre. Even if they’d successfully made it into the tower in that case, they likely wouldn’t have been able  to defeat Shaula.
Emilia: “If we do that, passing the “Trial” is going to be forever impossible, right?”
Subaru: “That’s correct if you’re saying they have no intention of letting us solve the “Trial”. They could put a strong Guardian as a defence mechanism, and worse, were we to kill said Guardian, they could put a terrible barrier that wouldn’t let us pass..….”
Emilia: “But, you don’t think that….. You think it’s different to that?”
Subaru: “Mhmhm.”
Emilia turned her eyes in anticipation towards Subaru, who’d touched on this issue of security. Receiving her gaze, Subaru confirmed her thoughts with a chuckle.
Those eyes were Subaru’s weakness. Subaru grew weak whenever Emilia and Beatrice gave him those looks. Rem, Garfiel and Otto would occasionally look at him like that too. Coupled with Petra, that made far too many. The only ones who didn’t look at him like that were Patrasche and Ram.
Subaru: “Ahh, it somehow feels like I could see a trend.”
Emilia: “――?”
Subaru: “It’s nothing, just talking to myself.”
Subaru’s bluff wouldn’t have worked against those who could see through him. Of course, he was bailed out thanks to Emilia not being one of those who’d question him about it.
Anyways, putting that aside and going back to the problem of the format of the “Trial”――,
Subaru: “Exceptions aside, fundamentally the problem was constructed with the assumption that it can be solved. If you really wanted to hide things properly, it’d be smarter not to leave them somewhere where there’s a chance of finding them.”
Anastasia: “But, Natsuki-kun, yer’ve eyeballed this place as not bein’ like that?”
Subaru: “What was it that the keeper of this place, Shaula said? She said this is a Great Library where you can get all the knowledge you desire. I don’t think Shaula herself could come up with such a fancy-looking phrase, so I think she’s splurging out words that were told to her by someone else. Meaning that “Flugel”, who built this library and entrusted it to Shaula, intended for it to be used.”
The more he unravelled the possibilities, the more unnatural the current situation became to him.
The creator of this Great Library Pleiades must have taken steps to set it up so that the purpose of the building worked. He’d left behind the “Trial” and Shaula here as a means to screen people for that.
Subaru: “Does this mean that no one but those who get along well with Shaula can use it to begin with?”
Emilia: “But Shaula said that she attacked everyone who approached the tower, right?”
Yeah, that was right.
The command that had been given to Shaula was to “Eliminate anyone who approached the tower without any exceptions”, and Subaru and the others coming into friendly contact with Shaula had just been a stroke of luck. If he recklessly concluded that people wouldn’t get the qualifications to challenge the tower unless they abounded in fortuity, then…
Anastasia: “So what ya need is strength, luck, ‘n charm so that yer able to make friends with Shaula-san? I think our lineup is pretty unfit for that challenge.”
Subaru: “….. It sure is.”
If they’d been defeated by Shaula, killed by her, or been unable to get her to cooperate with them, then they’d have lost the qualifications to challenge the Great Library Pleiades…
Although it was irrational to think so, if he listed all the conditions up till now, he could only come to that conclusion.
However, Subaru couldn’t help but have a bad feeling in just accepting that.
And,
Emilia: “Hey. Heey.”
Subaru: “Emilia?”
Emilia: “I’m feeling quiiiiite a bit uneasy. I’ve got a real bad feeling in and around my chest.”
Emilia placed her hand to the pit of her stomach and anxiously spilled that out. As he was about to draw his eyes to that, Suabru restrained himself before he ogled her pale skin.
Clearing his throat with an Ahem, he frowned at Emilia and said, “A bad feeling?”
Subaru: “Huh, is something on your mind?”
Emilia: “To tell you the truth, there is. But, this may have nothing to do with everything, and even if I say it out loud, I think only you would understand me…..”
Subaru: “I think I’d like you to say whatever’s on your mind right now, so you can say it to me. My thoughts aren’t necessarily correct, and it’s honestly a good thing to think about things from multiple different angles.”
Emilia: “Really?”
Having been immersed in her thoughts about what she was holding back, Emilia’s face brightened a little as she heard his words. Then she continued speaking saying “In that case,”
Emilia: “When you touched the Monolith, you guys could hear a voice inside of your head, right?”
Anastasia: “Yeah. It’s an uncanny contraption, but I wonder what the heck it is.”
Emilia: “It’s that voice but…. Isn’t it similar to the one back at the “Ordeal” of the Sanctuary?”
Subaru & Anastasia: “――――”
Subaru and Anastasia both kept their silence when they heard Emilia’s suggestion. However, even if both of them had ended up staying silent, the reason why they’d done so had been different.
Anastasia had plunged into silence because she had no clue what those words meant, but Subaru’s silence had been because he’d been taken by surprise and understood her words.
The “Ordeals”―― Those had taken place at the Witch Echidna’s graveyard, who’d lived in the “Sanctuary”.
Those mystifying phenomena that made you confront the past/differing presents, Subaru didn’t know the full details of them as he’d retired halfway through, but according to Echidna back at the graveyard, there’d been a third “Ordeal” too, which Emilia had overcome.
No, in this case the details and hardships of that “Ordeal” weren’t what was important here.
What was important was that refrain that had informed them about the details of the Ordeal using “Their own voice” was pretty much the same as when they’d challenged that “Ordeal”.
Subaru: “Now that you mention it, you’re right. Why did that slip out of my mind…. I guess ‘cause they’re bad memories?”
Emilia: “Subaru, that’s because you reaaaally dislike Echidna, no?”
Anastasia: “――hk”
Subaru: “Going through an experience where a saviour turns out to actually be an éminence grise is gonna end up making you look like me!”
Since the “Sanctuary”, Emilia and Subaru had spoken about the “Witches” only once or twice. Even after they’d touched on the subject of the Ordeal, Emilia liked to skirt around it, so he hadn’t pursued the topic too much.
The point that they both shared in common was that they thought “Echidna was an ill-natured fiend.” Emilia sugarcoated it more when speaking, but Subaru spoke about her as it was.
Anastasia: “Why, ya freaked me out ‘cause ya mentioned Echidna’s name.”
Emilia: “Ah, I see. Anastasia’s Artificial is called Echidna too….. She does speak in a reaaally similar manner, right? ‘Tis strange.”
Subaru: “Yeah, it’s strange, but let’s settle this another time, alright? So, it’s similar to the Ordeal…”
When he’d heard the word “Trial” mentioned, he’d thought that it sounded similar to “Ordeal”.
When it came to the parts that resembled the “Ordeal” till the start, this was probably one part of a system, or perhaps it was a great part of it that resembled the one at the graveyard.
Subaru: “Come to think of it, the “Ordeal” too was practically unlimited in how much you could challenge it.”
Emilia: “And what’s more, about the “Trials”, there’s the Third Floor, the Second Floor and the First, totalling three here too, right?”
Subaru: “――――”
Subaru and Emilia looked at each other as if they were saying Yeah, it’s definitely like that.
The “Sage’s” name, and the 400 years time period. When he looked back on it, it felt inevitable that history overlapped with the period of time of those “Witches”.
Emilia: “Yeah, though I’m sorry. Even if we know that much, it still doesn’t bring us any closer to the answer, huh.”
Having thought all the way up to there, Emilia cut her story short with a flustered look on her face.
Just as Emilia had concluded, even if there was a chance that this place had some relation to the graveyard, it still had nothing to do with the “Trial” of “Taygeta”.
The name of the “Hero who was destroyed by Shaula” was still something that they had to rely on Shaula for――.
Subaru: “….Actually, isn’t it not like that?”
Emilia: “Subaru?”
Subaru: “If we presume this place is something that’s supposed to be solvable, then isn’t saying that it can’t be captured unless Shaula manages to a mistake in the first place?”
This was the tower of the “Sage”, and that had been the graveyard of the “Witch”.
Both of these examiners shared in the same wicked disposition, but if that wasn’t only what they had in common, they had a conceivable chance to overcome them.
The “Witch” had tested people out in her “Ordeals” but she didn’t give them any hardships that couldn’t produce results.
Then if the “Sage” tested people in his “Trials”, then he shouldn’t give them any hardships that couldn’t produce results.
Subaru: “A chance for us to be able to capture the tower without needing Shaula…..”
Anastasia: “Natsuki-kun, what did’ya think of…..”
Emilia: “Shhh”
Plunging into his thoughts, Subaru placed his hand on his chin, closed one of his eyes and sunk into speculation. As he did so, Emilia waved her hand and silenced Anastasia, who’d seen a ray of hope glimmering in what was occuring and spoken up.
Emilia put her finger to her lips and made a shushing gesture at her telling her to stay quiet, and after that, she turned her head back to look at Subaru. Her amethyst eyes sparkled with anticipation.
Not taking any notice of Emilia’s anticipation, Subaru’s head spun in thought.
In this “Trial”, “Shaula’s” presence wasn’t important. Perhaps there was even a chance that those challenging the tower could destroy Shaula were she to attack them. If he presumed that they still didn’t even know Shaula’s name…
Subaru: “Even if we didn’t know that Shaula is Shaula, if we assume a Shaula was involved…”
Emilia & Anastasia: “――――”
Subaru: “We mistakenly believed that Flugel’s achievement had been Shaula’s. The “Sage’s” achievement was that he sealed the Witch with the help of the First “Sword Saint” and the “Divine Dragon”. However, “The Witch of Envy” ain’t something that we’d ever call something like a “Hero”, nor was she ever destroyed.”
He cut out that possibility as being an incorrect hypothesis right here.
Maybe there’d been another heroic tale which the “Sage” Flugel had forced on Shaula that he just didn’t know about. However, it didn’t make any sense that Beatrice and Julius hadn’t recalled something like that―― An inevitable possibility floated up in his mind.
Subaru: “Even if we didn’t know that Shaula is Shaula, if we assume a Shaula was involved… that’s it.”
He once again repeated what he’d said.
That didn’t mean his thoughts were going around in circles. It was the opposite. He’d cut out one of the possibilities, and another one had surfaced. And, what that meant was――
Subaru: “Beako! Come here for a sec!”
Following the possibility that had struck him, Subaru lifted his face up and called Beatrice over.
Julius was trying everything he could to try and pry open the lid on Shaula’s memories. Next to him, Beatrice sprung up when she heard Subaru’s voice that indicated he’d managed to find something. She rushed over to him, and said,
Beatrice: “That face is Betty’s favourite Subaru face, I suppose.”
Subaru: “Shouldn’t all of them be your favourite?”
Beatrice: “This one especially, in fact.”
Beatrice said that without any traces of embarrassment to her, and Subaru stretched out his hand over to her as she stood in front of him. Beatrice took his hand and looked at him with her round blue eyes.
Her eyes were asking, “What do you want me to do?” Thus, Subaru nodded, and said,
Subaru: “It’s quite simple.  ――I’d like to jump a bit higher with Murak.”
Beatrice: “…..Don’t tell me you’re going to say “I’ve given up, so let’s break the ceiling and go up that way”, I suppose.”
Subaru: “Don’t be so shocked. Of course not. I just want to look down on the Monoliths from above.”
Emilia: “Look down on the Monoliths…..”
Behind him, Emilia turned around to look at the Monoliths and muttered that out.
Even if she didn’t know what he expected to get from it, Beatrice didn’t show any intent of wanting to ask anymore about it. She let out a small sigh and gripped his hand more tightly,
Beatrice: “Murak, in fact.”
Pale, light purple waves faintly wrapped themselves around Subaru’s body following her incantation.
Murak was magic which kept the effects of gravity at bay and made you far more agile. Just by jumping lightly he’d be able to float up by about one metre, and if he kicked off from the floor with all his strength, then…
Subaru: “Up we go!”
Still holding Beatrice’s hand, Subaru leapt up towards the top of the tall room. Although he’d made it up by 6 or 7 metres, his body didn’t crash into the ceiling as he’d expected.
The layer had expanded as if there’d been no ceiling at all inside of this endless white expanse. Thus, Subaru was able to look down on the entire room from above.
Subaru: “――It’s as I thought.”
Beatrice:  “Were you able to find what you were looking for, I suppose?”
Subaru: “Of course. This place is the absolute worst.”
Subaru frowned and nodded seeing Beatrice’s gaze who’d heard his mutter wrapped inside of his arms.
The two of them turned towards the ground and dropped down; their lightness of body that had helped them leap up also helped grace their landing. They landed without any issue, and he lowered Beatrice, who he’d been princess-carrying, down to the floor,
Subaru: “I know the name of the Hero.”
Emilia: “Really!?”
Subaru said that with conviction to Emilia, who’d seen him muse about it and then leap up. Emilia reacted in surprise to his words, and Anastasia rounded her eyes as well.
Hearing them speak, Julius and the others with him who’d been captivated by their talk gathered over to where Subaru and the others were.
Meili: “Onii-san figured it ou~t?”
Subaru: “I solved it. Along with the line of thinking of this errant examiner, for now.”
Shaula: “That’s Master for you! You’re makin’ me feel all tingly! Oh how I yearned for this!”
With Meili on her back, Shaula gave him a thumbs up and replied, then she shook her head vigorously. Looking at that from the corner of his eye, Julius looked over to the group of Monoliths, and said,
Julius: “I don’t mean to doubt you right now. But please tell me how you managed to get the answer.”
Subaru: “It’s nothing spectacular. Y’all needn’t feel bad for not solving this. Because in the first place, the people who have a chance at solving this are few.”
This problem was the most contemptible in that sense.
The challengers had to overcome the obstacle that was Shaula, understand the details of the problem and yet from the start, they’d been narrowed down by the “Likelihood of knowing the answer to the problem.”
Subaru: “The hero destroyed by Shaula, his name is Orion.”
Everyone: “Orion……?”
Everyone looked at Shaula in confusion after they heard the word that Subaru had spoken out. However, Shaula vigorously shook her head as everyone’s gazes converged on her and said “I don’t know them!”
Shaula: “Nopenopenope, I’ve no idea who that is. And even if for a sec we assume I did kill them, what sort of person who can’t even make it all the way here gets called a hero, it’s totally ridiculous. Soooo, I don’t think I’m the one to blame here. How you may ask, well by this argument from theory! I’m suuuuper smart!”
Subaru: “As you can see, this woman’s not smart at all. At first, I’d suspected that she may have actually forgotten, but that’s not the case. Reason being that the “Shaula” from this problem isn’t this woman in the first place.”
Shaula: “I’mmm the only Shaula! I got this name from Master!”
Subaru: “Even the name that your Master gave you came from someone else.”
He prodded out his finger to the tip of the protesting Shaula’s nose and pushed her away before she could get closer. Following that, Subaru walked over to the original Monolith and stood in front of it.
Emilia: “Maybe once again… only Subaru knows the origins of Shaula’s name?”
Subaru: “It isn’t just me who knows, though I suppose not everyone would know.  ――The name of a star in my hometown is called “Shaula”. The meaning of its name is the “Stinger”, but if I had to specify which kind of stinger, then it’d be the “Scorpion’s” stinger.”
Shaula had insisted on calling her hairstyle a scorpiontail, had that been a hint of some sorts, or was that some natural airheadness of Shaula’s? Whichever one it was, there’d been a few things that had made him recall that “Shaula” = “Scorpion” = “Stinger”.
Subaru: “According to legend, the Hero Orion was stung by a scorpion which had been sent out to besiege him due to his boastfulness, and he ended up dying. After his death, he became a star. So, the scorpion that killed Orion also became a star due to its deed, and it’s said that even now in the sky Orion lives in fear of the scorpion …”
Beatrice: “Now that you’ve explained things, this legend has a pretty depressing vibe to it too, in fact.”
Subaru: “Anyways, think of it as having constellations where stars are illustrated by the figures of animals and people and such. You can even think of them as an asterism.  ――So, that’s how it looks when you look down on the Monoliths from above.”
Becoming practically weightless as a result of Beatrice’s magic, he’d jumped up and looked down at the group of Monoliths.
The scattered black Monoliths in this world of white―― Although their colours were inverted, a series of black stars floated about in this white world, forming a pattern which he was familiar with.
There were eight Monoliths in total which had the same size as the original one.
The number of major stars as well as how they were laid out both matched with how the constellation of Orion was shaped.
And when he linked it to the last part, “Touch the brightest”…
Subaru: “The original Monolith is right in the middle. Well, I just gotta keep my eye on Alnilam and if I keep following the shape of the constellation…. If I keep following Orion, then…”
Emilia: “Then?”
Subaru: “The phrasing ‘The brightest’ is a bit of a roguish expression. In actual fact, stars shine in various different ways, sometimes they’re always bright, other times they shine brighter only every so often. Considering that, there are two stars that fit the bill for the brightest in Orion…..”
When viewed from above, the two stars that fit the bill were the right shoulder of Orion located in the upper left part, “Betelgeuse”, and Orion’s left knee located in the lower right part, “Rigel”.
“Rigel” was always invariably bright, whereas “Betelgeuse” was a variable star that sometimes shone brighter than Rigel.
Solving the problem by picking both of them wasn’t a pretty one, but…
Subaru: “I guess I’ll go for “Rigel”.”
He had bad memories of a name that was similar to “Betelgeuse”.
Subaru: “――――”
Setting his answer in stone, Subaru touched the Monolith on Orion’s left knee, “Rigel”.
This wasn’t necessarily the only answer. But, most likely it should be the right one.
And at the same time he realised that, he readied himself for the precipitousness and difficulty of the obstacles that awaited them on the Second and First Floor, when considering the maliciousness of the person who’d cooked up these “Trials”.
Subaru: “――――”
The white room was filled with a dazzling light.
Both sound and landscape were left behind, everything was blown away, before finally――.
Subaru: “……Whoa.”
When the light died down, Subaru and the others were left standing in a room made out of stone   ――in the middle of a room that was encompassed by countless bookshelves.


Chapter 23
The surrounding world of white evaporated, leaving behind a room carved of stone and uncountably infinite shelves. 
Feeling the stone he had been touching disappear, Subaru took this to mean that his answer had been correct. 
Then in that case―
Emilia: “Amazing! Subaru, good―” 
Subaru: “The examiner’s personality, is just too wicked!!” 
Emilia: “Eeeeh!? That’s your first reaction!?” 
Ready to celebrate the solving of the third floor [Taygeta], Emilia was stunned speechless. Echoing through the tower, was Subaru’s vitriolic cry. 
Looking back to the surprised Emilia and everyone else watching him, Subaru gave a “my bad” as he continued to talk. 
Subaru: “Although it’s as everyone suspected, and I’ve indeed solved the riddle… but that it was solved like this is a huge issue. Or rather, it’s unfair to all of you.” 
Emilia: “Is that so? Subaru used esoteric knowledge to solve the riddle… is how it seems to me.” 
Subaru: “Rather than saying I solved the riddle with my own knowledge, it’s more like only someone specifically like me can solve this, is the issue here.” 
Tilting her head in confusion, Emilia faced Subaru as he scratched at his head. 
To consider it in detail the best way to explain this, turned out to be a bit of a problem. 
The [Exam] of the third floor [Taygeta], was just as Subaru had answered, the myth of th thee Orion. The notion he had set aside was “the person who riddled this might have been an astronomist or a romantic”, with the reason being that the myth of [Orion] did not exist in this world. 
Whether Orion or the celestial name of Shaula, or any of the other constellations, all of them were astronomical knowledge from Subaru’s original world. 
And this current world, perhaps was the far future, set after the civilization of Subaru’s original world had long been lost to the past. Subaru had long affirmed that this world’s night sky contained different stars than the ones he had known. 
Subaru: “So, the passage of time completely changed the layout of the stars… in that case there’s no option but to just wave your hands in surrender, since Orion or whatever doesn’t exist anymore.” 
After an extensive period of months and years, Orion had long since vanished from the night sky, and anything like his myths had disappeared too. If this were the case, one conjecture could be made. 
The poser of the riddle, was someone who knew the same sky as Subaru. 
Furthermore, all those aside from those who knew the stars of the previous world, were born naturally defeated by the [Exam]’s riddle. 
And the one who had designed the riddle, according to Shaula’s report, was without doubt the [Sage] Flugel. 
Subaru: “Your master, seems to have been a guy with a decidedly wicked personality.” 
Shaula: “Nononono, why would you say that ~ssu. It’s unlike Master to be self-deprecating ~ssu! Although the wicked personality bit can’t be denied ~ssu, it’s still reasonable for the riddle to be solved ~ssu! If it were Reid it would indeed be unsolvable… something about revealing another self and being unable to pass without victory in battle?”
Subaru: “That’s horrifying, either way the tests would go nowhere…” 
All in all, the heroes of the past who had subdued the Witch of Envy all had terrible personalities. 
With this person, using knowledged from another world would probably work better. 
Anastasia: “Alright, and now.” 
As Subaru sighed over Shaula’s explanation that wasn’t an explanation, Anastasia interrupted the pair to glance around. Stroking her scarf, she examined the shelves crammed with books. 
Anastasia: “Thanks to Natsuki-kun’s labors, the “Exam” was solved… That’s excellent, but what’s the point of the library? What kinds of books does it have? I find this quite curious.” 
Julius: “According to Shaula-san, this place is a trove of knowledge without bound and without break (unironically considered “lacuna” here) ― is what she had said.” 
Nodding in accord with Anastasia’s words, Julius glanced toward Shaula. Bearing an expression as if she had forgotten her own earlier words, Shaula had her skin pressed against Meili’s as she played with her. 
The expectations hadn’t been high to begin with, but it seemed that Shaula’s explanation of this [Taygeta] library was not forthcoming. 
Beatrice: “From that reaction, it seems that this is the first time [Taygeta]’s been opened, in fact. Let’s walk around and take a look, I suppose.” 
Subaru: “Indeed. Hey you… could it be that you can’t hold back anymore?” 
Beatrice: “That… might be the case, in fact.” 
Clutching her dress from beside Subaru, Beatrice seemed to be speaking a tad faster than usual. 
Eyes gleaming softly, gazing about the library with fascination ― upon realizing the reason, Subaru forgot their circumstances and began laughing. 
Subaru: “Seems like, the Forbidden Archive wasn’t some unpleasant memory to you.” 
Beatrice: “… it’s not a particularly pleasant memory, I suppose. However, in any case, it’s a place where Betty spent four hundred years, in fact. In addition…” 
Subaru: “In addition?” 
Beatrice: “It’s where Subaru told Betty to ‘choose me’, I suppose. It’s not a place that can be so easily forgotten, in fact!” 
“――” 
The unexpected words had Subaru’s eyes go round, and Beatrice’s turned her face away. But even from behind her reddened ears were plain to see, a clear sign of embarrassment. 
Subaru: “Saying words that would embarrass you of your volition, just what are you trying to achieve?” 
Beatrice: “Betty remembers everything about the Forbidden Archive, isthat is proof of memories of Subaru… is all, in fact.” 
Subaru: “You are… too cute!” 
Beatrice: “Kya―, I suppose!” 
At the sudden declaration of affection, Subaru gently began stroking Beatrice’s head. Beatrice’s feline cry gradually softened, and Subaru saw an expression filled with satisfaction. The scene had Anastasia and the others glance at them with amazement. 
Subaru: “Alright, enough of the idle chatter, let’s check out the library now.” 
Anastasia: “What a sight for sore eyes. It really seems like a gentle exchange between parent and child, doesn’t it…” 
Subaru: “It’d at least be considered brother and sister, wouldn’t it.” 
Sticking his tongue out at Anastasia’s opinion, Subaru straightened and glanced about at his surroundings. 
Where Subaru and the others were located, was the center of a stone carved circular room. The structure itself was an extension of the tower, and the expansive design created a feeling of being left without boundaries. 
Aside from the large spiral staircase, the fifth and sixth floors had no particularly striking features to fill the vast empty spaces. And the fourth floor was in fact divided into several rooms, what Shaula had described as a versatile nest. 
Yet the third floor filled the same empty space with rows upon rows of shelves, each tall shelf crammed with countless books. The circular room was designed to form small floors. Subaru’s group was located on the lowest, surrounded by layers raising outward. 
The books were so numerous as to be uncountable. Beatrice’s Forbidden Archive was also fairly crowded, but in terms of solely counting books, this place was by far victorious. 
Subaru: “In order to find the book you want, it’d be nice if you could search with a computer.” 
Beatrice: “Within in the Forbidden Archive, Betty knew exactly where every book was, in fact.” 
Subaru: “Amazing, you. A genius!” 
After praising Beatrice’s little show of smugness, Subaru approached the bookshelf beside him. 
Looking over, Emilia and the others drew close as well, although it didn’t seem as if anyone felt daring enough to pluck a book from the shelf. 
Emilia: “Wasn’t Subaru was the one that solved the riddle? Maybe something would go awry if it wasn’t Subaru that touched it.”
Subaru: “Ah, indeed anything could happen, but if only the one who had answered the riddle were allowed to read anything, wouldn’t it be off that Emilia-tan and the rest were even allowed into the library?” 
Emilia: “Ah, right. Then it seems like entering this place is akin to permission.” 
Subaru: “Mm, that’s what I think― hey, Emilia-tan!?” 
At Subaru’s theory, Emilia who had kept her guard up nodded in understanding. Then, letting down her guard, she immediately pulled a book from the shelf. 
Then she began flipping through the contents of the book, right before Subaru who had been struck speechless. 
Emilia: “Hmm, it’s just a normal book… Subaru, what is it?” 
Subaru: “No, nothing, it’s just that Emilia’s boldness was shocking but quickly became mesmerizing. I only said that ‘that’s what I think’ is all.” 
Emilia: “―?? Subaru said so, so wouldn’t it be fine? Eh, is saying so that odd?” 
Emilia’s conscientious expression bore a confusion that left Subaru speechless. With complicated feelings, Subaru brought a hand up to cover his face with an “uwah―”. 
Subaru: “It constantly feels like, that piercing gaze of trust is painful.” 
Julius: “You built it up bit by bit, is how it is. Furthermore, that you solved the riddle of [Taygeta] which no one else could is fact. Such an achievement is undeniable.” 
Subaru: “That was like a blind cat swatting a dead mouse. That I solved it was just coincidence.” 
At Subaru’s bewilderment, Julius shrugged his shoulders, the knight’s words causing Subaru to avert his gaze. 
Emilia’s faith, Beatrice’s closeness, Julius’s sincerity ―― each one of them, did not align to Subaru’s expectations, and each of those words conveyed an inexplicable sense of wariness. 
Subaru often doubted that kind of value being placed upon himself. 
Anastasia: “Just as Emilia-san said, it’s just an ordinary book. It’s not some strange object that would immediate set your body on fire upon contact.” 
“What the book is made of… is difficult to discern. As is its age. As for the content…?” 
Inspired by Emilia’s proactive attitude, the others too had begun picking up books one by one. Even so, to skim all of this myriad of books, was hardly such an easy task. 
Anastasia and Julius both examined the book’s composition and binding and the like. 
Subaru: “Beako, what do you think?” 
Beatrice: “It seems that the composition of the books are identical. Only the titles are completely different. This is [Noah Libertas]. This is [Libre Fermi]… They don’t seem to follow any particular pattern in their ordering either.” 
Her librarian soul dripping blood, Beatrice expressed dissatisfaction with the one who had arranged the books so haphazardly. The absence of any memory of her sorting through the Forbidden Archive, suggested that it had been organized long ago. 
Putting aside Beatrice’s indignation for now, Subaru sudden noticed something about the spines of the books. 
Subaru: “The titles of these books… could it be, that they’re all peoples’ names?” 
“Mmm… it seems to. This is [Palma Eule], and here’s [Coyote].” 
Julius “All these names from the past, aren’t familiar ones. Not that I hold any wealth of knowledge, but none of these names are ones I know. Of course, looking around more closely might yield some kind of discovery…” 
“If you don’t recognize them, it’s likely that no one here would.” 
Whether that was true or mere humbleness, of late Julius had been revealing more of the historical pedigree of his house. 
If these names were not in his knowledge, perhaps they were just randomly given ones. 
Subaru also offhandedly grabbed a book to leaf through. The text written inside was composed of the common [イ(I) glyphs], [ロ (Ro) glyphs], and [ハ (Ha) glyphs], the unique language of this world. 
Had it been a gospel, no one aside from the owner should be capable of reading it, and only text composed of what seemed to be pictographs would have been visible, but this book did not seem to use such petty tricks. 
Since the text was miniscule, and the content itself was too boring, it would not register in the brain even if read properly, a common issue with uninteresting books. 
Subaru: “Once again, to check with Anastasia-san… are there any names you recognize?” 
Anastasia: “Mm, nope?” 
Subaru sought confirmation from Anastasia. Or course, rather than from Anastasia herself, it would be better to say he sought confirmation from Echidna who held control over her flesh. 
Echidna should be possessed of more knowledge than Julius. And though it was possible she was concealing the truth, from the very beginning the spirit had not shown any hints of hostility. 
Believing her answer for now, Subaru began to feel rather impotent. 
Subaru: “Out of tricks already huh. A tree hidden in a forest… it could be that a vitally important book is hidden somewhere in these shelves, this really is troublesome.” 
Emilia: “Giving up halfway through won’t do. Facing an unsolvable problem means that you have to try even harder. Work hard!” 
Faced with a vast amount of books, Subaru who had already felt uneasy had his soul assaulted by exhaustion. Emilia raised a tiny fist for Subaru to cheer him on. 
The encouraging pose that Emilia struck grew more and more accurate, and Subaru turned to face the shelf. The titles of these books all contained unfamiliar names. At the very least, should he come across a name he recognized, he would look into it with care ― thinking so, Subaru brushed his fingers along a row, book by book. 
Subaru: “…?” 
Suddenly, Subaru’s fingers came to rest on one spine. 
Grabbing the spine of the book, then easing it out from the stuffed bookshelf. The book’s title was a name that Subaru knew. 
Subaru having reflexively grabbed the book flipped it open. Then, the familiar name of the book met his eyes ― and afterward, it came. 
― A dimming of the consciousness. 

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
ーーA woman, a sole woman existed.
A woman so young, one would hesitate to call her a woman.
Humble clothes upon a skinny figure, green hair along with a skin tanned in the shine of days.
The woman seemed to be at an age to be a called a little girl, however, her heart was commanded by unending distress.
Unable to find the answer for it by any means, for the woman, it was an inborn argument.
“ーーーー”
Evermore troubling her mind with it, was the unending supreme argument.
It was the logic omnipresent in the world, that contrast of white and blackーー namely, good and evil.
Righteousness, deeds of err.
Though there were innumerable choices in the world, all deeds are eventually decided to be on either of those positive and negative poles.
For the yet youthful woman, there was a reason to continue to anguish over that logic. It was inevitable for her.
The one who had divided the woman’s world into white and black, good and evil, the righteous and the sinners, was the woman’s father.
“ーーーー”
The woman’s father decapitated the necks of sinners, and made a living by delivering punishment appropriate for the errs.
Delivering the end of their life, the punishment suitable for their err, upon the sinners who had sinned, meant livelihood to her father.
“ーーExecutioner.”
The woman had seen the actions of her father, who was named that, and the state of affairs of the execution site, before even the days of youth.
The repulsive and cruel deeds, the death wails of the sinners granted quietus, the execution site ruled by blood and death.
ーーWhat made the woman witness 『Death』 there, was none other than her father’s own will.
Punishment casted upon the committed sins, evil deeds met their result through the means of evil deeds.
The father attempted to convey the rightful state of affairs he believed in, of the world’s good and evil, as an executioner, to the woman.
Noble was her father’s will, a pure ideology without question.
However, keeping the mind the woman’s youthfulness, it seemed to be conceited, it was yet too early to seek ideals.
The woman saw the deaths of many with her own eyes, scented the odour of blood, and burnt the punishment casted upon sinners into her memory.
The result, the woman, before she could study in depth the value of life, and the principle of life and death, learnt punishments befitting the sins.
Benevolence gave birth to good cause, wrongdoings called upon roots of evil, the souls of sinners were corrupted, worthy of punishment.
Comprehending the teachings of her father through that interpretation, the woman desired the rightful state of affairs for 『Punishments Befitting the Sins』. For that she seeked something which would become her guiding principle, the balance of virtue which would establish evil deeds as evil.
“ーーーー”
However, the balance which the woman seeked, existed nowhere within her sphere of search.
The good and evil of affairs had no simple answer, but the correction, sin and punishment possessed many factors determining them.
“ーーーー”
However, the woman, yet youthful and unknowing of compromise or resignation, did not to come to a halt.
She must obtain the answer. She must conceive the balance befitting good and evil in her heart.
She must present the answer to the undissolving doubt present within the interior of her chest.
“ーーーー”
Days of agony continued, however, she gained the answer suddenly, as if a blessing had been granted to her from the heavens above.
Shattering her father’s vine cup, the woman was greatly frightened by the sin she had committed herself.
Preparing herself to face beheading, the woman confessed her own sin to her father.
“ーーSpeaking up your own sins, and apologizing for them is correct.”
Said the woman’s father while expressing a smile, forgiving the woman’s err.
At the smile of her father and the sensation of his palm patting her head, the youthful woman came to understand.
ーーThe balance for measuring the weight of the committed sin was nothing else, but present within the heart of the sinner himself.
Even if nobody lies witness to it, the heart of the sinner himself knows of his sin.
Good and evil, she did not understand. They’re complicated. Corrections, have no certain guidelines. They can’t be found.
However, the consciousness of the sin is within one’s self.
There are no standards for punishments befitting the sins. However, the consciousness of sins deserving of punishments is within one’s self.
The woman understood, she was satiated, and finally obtained the balance.
Remaining ignorant of the value of life, and the principle of the life and death of people, the youthful woman disclosed punishments befitting the sins.
“ーーーー”
Under the light of days the woman walked, learning through observation from her executioner father, for delivering punishments befitting the sins.
For disclosing the hearts of those sinners, who had been judged worthy of punishment.
“ーーーー”
For the woman, the division of good and evil, corrections, sincerity and falsehood into two halves, was the natural order of things.
At the question the youthful woman asked, some smiled, some were troubled, some were bewildered.
However, the result of the answer to the woman’s question, was the same for all.
ーーThe sins worthy of punishment, lied within their selves.
She looked around. Nobody was there. There no longer was anyone present here, aside from the sinners who had received punishment.
Trampling over the people who had been torn into tiny fragments, and finally over the fragments of her father, for the sake of fulfilling the longstanding desire bestowed upon her, the woman continued walking further, seeking sins worthy of punishment.
ーーThe 『Witch of Pride』 questioned sins, delivered punishment, and cast judgement upon sinners.
Upon seeing the beginnings of the [Witch] he recognized, Subaru’s consciousness returned alongside a pain. 
Subaru: “Aaaa―!!” 
Subaru’s consciousness was ejected from he the book with a snapping sound. Accompanied by a feeling of having blood drained dry one the one hand, and a feeling of being externally torn into bits on the other. 
Pain resonating not from the head or body, but the soul. 
The soul entering into the book, then painfully torn away from it. 
Emilia: “Subaru!” 
Subaru: “―Aaaa!” 
At the same instant that a cry came from beside him, his wrist took a fierce strike. That was Emilia knocking his wrist with a karate chop. 
Subaru’s hand shook under the impact, and the book he held fell to the ground. It landed spread facedown on the ground, and Subaru stumbled into a bookshelf. 
Subaru: “Oh, ah?” 
Emilia: “Are, are you okay? Just now, you looked suuuper uncomfortable…” 
Subaru: “Somehow, it’s over… right? I don’t get it either.” 
Nodding at Emilia who supported him with unease in his eyes, Subaru caught his breath. Although he hadn’t done any sprinting, his heartbeat was in a frenzy. 
Pressing a hand against his chest to feel the jumping of his heartbeat, Subaru breathed deep. His gaze swiveled around, finally landing on Emilia. 
Emilia: “Is everything fine?” 
Subaru: “Gazing upon Emilia-tan’s face puts me at ease. Could you give me a hand?” 
Emilia: “Alright. What is it?” 
Accepting Subaru’s flattering words, Emilia supported his shoulder and asked. As she queried on, Beatrice reached a hand toward the book on the ground.” 
Beatrice: “Just now, your expression grew odd after touching this book…” 
Subaru: “Wait, Beatrice! Don’t touch it!” 
Beatrice: “――?” 
Wanting to call Beatrice to a halt as she reached for the book, she had taken it into her lap before he could. Casting her gaze downward, Beatrice read the book’s title aloud under Subaru’s furious gaze. 
Beatrice: “―Typhon. Is this the name of someone Subaru knows, I suppose?” 
Subaru: “It is, could it be that you…” 
At Beatrice’s question, Subaru wanted to ask, ‘Could it be that you don’t know’. However, whether her answer would be in the affirmative or negative was already obvious, and Subaru frowned as he considered what should be said next. 
In that period, Beatrice had already opened the book to check its contents. 
Subaru: “Idiot―!” 
Beatrice: “Idiot is a rather rude thing to say, in fact. There’s nothing special about this book, it’s just the same as the others, I suppose.” 
Beatrice would have the same shocking experience that Subaru had ― although that was what had been expected, the girl had no reaction whatsoever to the book’s contents. She disappointedly shoved the book back at Subaru.  she was dissatisfied with the book and sent it back to her.
Beatrice: “However, Subaru hasn’t read any of the other books… is how it seems, in fact.” 
Subaru: “… Right. But why is it just me?” 
Emilia: “Could it be, that just like the riddle of the room, only Subaru can see it? Or, that it only works for Subaru, who solved the riddle…” 
Subaru: “If that’s so, that personality just seems more and more wicked huh…” 
Considering Emilia’s words, Subaru shook his head as an unpleasant hunch came over him. In any case, he had no courage to peruse the book that had been shoved at him once more. 
― Swimming through his mind, all too vividly, was a firsthand experience of the [woman]’s memories. 
The scents, taste of the air, tread on solid ground, as well as the weight of shattering a life. 
To awaken after such immersion in the memory of [a person], was truly a miracle. 
It felt as if drinking down another person’s life. 
That terror and disgust beyond imagining, had come into existence through experience. 
Emilia: “Subaru, where is this Typhon?” 
Subaru: “It’d be hard to explain properly… or rather, it may not be so hard if it’s Emilia-tan? Maybe you saw her in the tomb?” 
Emilia: “Tomb―” 
Upon hearing that word, Emilia and Beatrice froze simultaneously. 
[Tomb] was to Subaru, and Emilia and Beatrice in addition a place laden with significance. Thus, considering the [Tea Party of Witches] that had been held in that ancient tomb, the other two knowing of Typhon would not be so odd. 
That said, perhaps Echidna wouldn’t have been so candid with Emilia, and as for Beatrice, she had probably known a different Echidna than Subaru had. 
Subaru: “Typhon was one of the historical [Witches]. The [Witch of Pride] who looked like a loli like Beako with dark skin. However, she was a child who could reify innocently cruel words.” 
Hearing Subaru’s explanation, Emilia and Beatrice both shook their heads after considering.
It seemed Echidna’s display of witches, had been reserved especially for Subaru. Although it had just been to make use of Subaru, there had indeed been much preparation but into it. 
Subaru: “Innocently cruel, huh…?” 
As he spoke, Subaru recalled that he had only had a brief period of contact with Typhon himself. 
Although it hadn’t happened in the physical world, the sensation of his arms and legs being shattered by her was unforgettable. Although it had been subsequently fixed, the impact of his limbs being taken had still hit at full force. 
However, after catching a glimpse of her abnormal origin through [reading], the reasons for such behaviors could be explained. Of course, to instantly understand the complex and nuanced reasoning, was no easy feat. 
Subaru: “In any case, that book I read just now, were that child named Typhon’s… memories? Life? Origin? In summary it was the experience of her entire life. Hardly something easy to come to terms with.” 
Emilia: “It’s clear from seeing Subaru’s reaction… experiencing the memory of another. This is feeling more and more like some kind of [Trial]. 
Subaru: “In that case, it was just a struggle with your own memories. We~ll, hardly anything so difficult.” 
Emilia: “Ri, right. An easy victory.” 
As for sobbing cries, countless failures one upon another, body and mind collapsing under pressure, Subaru and Emilia both nodded and chose not to mention them. 
As she rolled her eyes at the pair’s attitude, Beatrice wiped at the book’s stains. 
Beatrice: “A book showing experiences of another’s memories… in other words, it’s a way of accessing the past, I suppose. In that case, what we need to know is likely contained in the library…” 
Subaru: “Beako, have you thought of something―” 
Hearing Beatrice’s murmurs, Subaru rose and prepared to ask her for her thoughts. However, before Subaru had a chance to speak, someone else’s voice rang out. 
Julius: “――” 
The sound had come from the direction of Julius’s group, who had been examining the other bookshelves. Following the direction of the cry, was the sight of Julius kneeling on the ground, with a book in hand. 
From beside him an alarmed Anastasia shook the knight’s shoulder, snatching the book away. 
Anastasia: “Julius? Julius, pull yourself together! Can you hear my voice?” 
Julius: “… Anastasia, -sama.” 
Anastasia: “It’s me, good. Slowly, deep breaths… Are you alright?” 
In precisely the same way Subaru had just been, Julius’s awareness returned to the present. Gazing at Julius’s form that was elegant even in weariness, relief shown on Anastasia’s expression. 
Calling out ‘is everything okay?’, Subaru dashed toward the pair. 
Subaru: “Is your head’s spinning after reading a difficult book? I get it I get it.” 
Julius: “Certainly, of late I have not read anything. A deplorable state for a knight who must be versed in civil affairs and warfare (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wen_and_wu). I ought to learn from you who managed to solve the riddles with such ease.” 
Subaru: “What words, delivered like that…” (「よくもまぁ、すらすらと……」)
If he had felt what Subaru had, his spirit would have borne quite the burden. As such, that he could maintain such elegance afterwards was just uncool. 
At the extraneous thoughts contained in Subaru’s heart, Emilia knocked at the back of his head with a karate chop. 
Subaru: “Gah!” 
Emilia: “It won’t do to say naughty things on reflex. Julius, is everything really fine?” 
Julius: “My sincerest apologies for having worried you. Such an exaggerated reaction truly cannot be excused… Even so, this is truly an unpleasant experience for the heart.” 
Hiding his internal weariness, Julius’s response to Emilia was elegant. However, a thin film of sweat coating his forehead was evidence of a shock that could not be concealed. Anastasia stood on her tiptoes, pressing a handkerchief to Julius’s forehead, while Julius hurriedly lowered his head with an air of consternation. 
Anastasia: “Although stubbornness is a boy’s nature, speak up when you’re feeling poorly, won’t you? If you insist on doing something beyond you, you’ll cause trouble for everyone else too.” 
Julius: “Right. My gratitude for your attentions.” 
Emilia: “Mmm, it’s just as Anastasia-san says. Right, Subaru?” 
Subaru: “Though I don’t know why you need me to agree, that’s how it is!” 
The exchange between master and vassal of two factions coming to a close, everyone’s attention turned to the book in Anastasia’s hands. 
Julius had looked over the contents of the book, and perhaps had had the same experience as Subaru. Looking at the spine, the title inscribed upon it was―. 
Emilia: “―Balleroy Temeglyph. Someone you know?” 
Subaru: “It’s not a name I’ve heard. For certain.” 
Subaru glanced at Emilia who read the title aloud from beside him, then responded confidently. 
Indeed, Subaru was confident in his excellent memory. When it came to remembering relationships in this world, from Arlam Village to the fruit stall owner in the capitol, not a single one was missing. 
Contained within the list of memories, was no such name as Balleroy. However, Anastasia swiveled her head after hearing the name, wearing a thoughtful expression. 
Anastasia: That name, is one I’ve heard. Perhaps… hmm, that’s right. be… um, right. Isn’t that the name of a General of the Vollachian Empire?” 
Julius: “―More precisely, he is a former General.” 
At Anastasia’s answer borne from vague recollections, Julius added a supplement. Hearing such words, everyone would guess that was someone who Julius had a relationship with. 
Only, the distance of that relationship had Subaru frowning. 
Subaru: “Vollachia, is the country to the south? You even know a General from there?” 
Julius: “Once more, he is a former General. Is that so odd? I am after all one of the royal knights. Since Lugunica and the Vollachian Empire neighbor each other, it shouldn’t be unexpected that I onesidedly know the name.” 
Subaru: “So that’s the case, someone known onesidedly… huh.” 
Accepting Julius’s explanation, Subaru nodded. Then he exhaled lightly and suddenly reached a hand out to snatch Balleroy’s book from Anastasia. 
Anastasia: “Natsuki-kun?” 
Subaru: “Sorry to startle you. But there’s something that ought to be checked.” 
Having had the book snatched from her, Anastasia widened her eyes. Subaru checked the cover of the book, then flipped the book open with a snap to read its contents. 
In that moment, Subaru had prepared for the realizing of [living vicariously] that may have followed. However, he also considered the idea of [perhaps it won’t happen]. The correct answer proved to be the latter.
Subaru: “I also tried to read the book after onesidedly hearing the name, but nothing happened.” 
Julius: “… Subaru.” 
Subaru: “Right now, what matters most between us is trust, no? The trust you and I share… wouldn’t be nonexistent, and only I had thought it was there?” 
Julius: “―What a horrid way of putting it.” 
Toward Subaru who glared fiercely at him, Julius closed his eyes and answered thus. 
He stroked his bangs as he spoke. 
Julius: “Compared with the people here, I currently have no one else I can trust more. The support of Anastasia-sama and yourself who provides what even Reinhardt cannot, I would of course accept.” 
Subaru: “… To be spoken of like that, can’t help but feel disgusting somehow.” 
Julius: “Saying so makes my tongue itch as well.” 
Subaru scratched as his nose, and Julius continued to finger at his bangs with eyes his eyes closed. Then he loosened a high, and proceeded to formally bow to Anastasia and Emilia. 
Julius: “I apologize for my thoughtlessly offensive behavior, Anastasia-sama, Emilia-sama. Just now, I allowed my own feelings to cloud answer. In these circumstances, the contents of the book ought to be shared by us all, and so my behavior is unforgivable.” 
Anastasia: “Whether or not you’ll be forgiven depends on mine and Emilia’s tempers. What do you think?” 
Emilia: “What I want to say, has already been said by Subaru and Anastasia-san. So, think about what you should do now. That’s all.” 
After Emilia and Anastasia readily accepted his apology, Julius once again bowed low. Subaru knew exactly what lay within his heart. 
After making a mistake, taking mitigation from those who accepted an apology, was a weakness that could be forgiven. Subaru well understood this feeling, which he had experienced before himself. 
Julius: “Balleroy Temeglyph, General of the Vollachian Empire… is a dead man. And, the one who took his life, is none other than myself.” 
Anastasia: “To have killed another country’s General. This is quite a shock to take in.” 
Julius: “Anastasia-sama is… no, please forget what you just heard.” 
Anastasia: “――” 
At Julius’s frankly described recollections, Anastasia narrowed her eyes. 
Based on Julius’s reaction just now, it seemed that this had been something he had already shared with Anastasia, before his memory had been taken, and before Echidna had assumed control of her body. 
Naturally, that Anastasia was the first to know was unsurprising, and instead Subaru and Emilia were quite shocked. 
Emilia: “That’s, if what I recall from my studies is correct, I know that the relationship between Lugunica and Vollachia is su~per poor, but…” 
Subaru: “Shouldn’t killing the Empire’s General, have started a war or something?” 
At the pair’s candid and simple questions, Julius’s expression became more assured as he nodded lightly. 
Julius: “This was the result of a very delicate situation. Reinhardt and Ferris were also dragged into it, to put it directly, the General had prepared to launch a revolt in the Empire. And I had met him face to face, and stayed in the Empire for a brief period.” 
Subaru: “So those two were there too. Isn’t Reinhardt banned from being exported?” 
Julius: “Since the foreign emperor wanted to meet him, he was granted permission… moreover, don’t you think the words exporting Reinhardt are off?” 
Subaru: “Just a slip of the tongue. What else should I call it. Smuggling?” 
Something that couldn’t be exported, such phrasing wasn’t wrong in usage. In truth, after having felt Reinhardt’s logic defying combat ability in Pristella, it wasn’t difficult to imagine that Reinhardt would be a nightmare for the forces of other countries to contend with. 
Not allowed to approach the border, was a perfectly understandable stipulation in international treaties. 
Julius: “In short, that General’s name was Balleroy Temeglyph. My apologies. Due to the sensitive nature of the issue, details of the incident cannot be shared, and in addition the memory is painful to myself as well.” 
Subaru: “So it’s something that can’t be discussed openly huh. Got it. I’ll keep my mouth shut.” 
Emilia: “Mm, understood. I’ll also keep it a secret.” 
With Julius’s circumstances clarified, Subaru and Emilia swore themselves to secrecy on this shared confidence. 
And, what allowed Julius to [live vicariously] was also clear―, 
Beatrice: “It makes sense now, in fact. The books here, are books that allow a reader to experience the life of [someone familiar], I suppose.” 
Subaru: “I had the [witch], and Julius had the General. Sounds about right.” 
Anastasia: “It feels as if, I’ve heard words I can’t quite let go. Natsuki-kun, are you acquainted with a witch? They’re no good, such relationships. They’re all related to the witch cult.” 
Subaru: “I’m beyond scared myself, but the relationship with that one is shallow so please rest assured. Recently there hasn’t been much contact to be a bother.” 
Subaru shrugged at Anastasia’s words. However, Emilia and Beatrice, and finally even Julius’s expressions looked as if they had just eaten something sour. 
The unexpected reaction left Subaru frowning, as Anastasia deeply sighed and continued, 
Anastasia: “The meaning of the books and this library seem clear now. To share it I’ll have to say something scary, is that okay?” 
Subaru: “Hearing it would be really off-putting, but what do you want to say?” 
Anastasia: “Every book in this library, is inscribed with a name, yes?” 
Saying this fact that everyone knew, Anastasia looked to Subaru for permission to continue. As Subaru nodded in assent, he thought that what would be coming next were those scary words. 
Then, Anastasia leveled a finger at Balleroy’s book and Typhon’s book, currently held by Beatrice. 
Anastasia: “The Empire’s General, and Natsuki-kun’s [witch] friend.” 
Subaru: “Hey not a friend here!” 
Anastasia: “The common point with that [witch] friend’s book, is that it’s the book of someone deceased.” 
Subaru: “――” 
Having Typhon be referred to as deceased was actually a little off-putting, but the place where the witches’ tea party of the tomb had been held was no more, so she could be thought of as completely gone. 
As for Echidna, since many doubts yet rested on ScarfdonaFoxdona, Subaru couldn’t feel at ease about her. 
Setting aside Subaru’s internal thoughts for now, Anastasia spread her hands to gesture at the entirety of the library as she continued. 
Anastasia: “The books here, include the names of every single person from past to present in this world, indeed? If so… to find one specific book, how long would it take?” 
― Correction. The one who had made this library, did not have a poor personality. 
― Rather, they had the worst.


Chapter 24
――There was a woman, all by herself.
Sensitive to pain, she was always crying, always emotional.
The sole reason for her grief, was that she could not forgive her own lack of strength. All around her, was always a world full of strife, of violence, of war.
No matter how much she pleaded, no matter how much cried out, no matter how much she tried, no matter how much she prayed, the sorrow never ended. So, she began to curse fate.
While cursing it over and over and over, she noticed; It was pointless, no matter how many tears she shed. And when she realized, she began wishing for something else.
Raw power.
To obtain power that would let her throw all away, that would let her overwhelm all others, she struggled to her limits and ran, heading towards the power she so desired.
She was not chasing after the power to harm, nor the power to take. She had no use for that.
She chased power no one could catch up to, which she believed she could use to put an end to violence.
The woman who cried so much, wanted the power to stop crying.
She knew she that if she remained powerless, she could never stop a fight where power was pitted against power.
Her voice remained silent. Her wishes went unfulfilled. Even if her own sorrows were kept distant, sadness still clouded the sky.
How could they be okay? How could they hurt one another? How could they think to live with those scars? How, how, how? Why could they not realize they have other ways to live?
Woman: “Children are crying. The elderly are crying. Men are crying. Women are crying. Everyone is crying. Then, why――!!”
To stop exactly that, she solely desired for power.
Training herself, she endured all pains to finally obtain an iron―clad will.
Eventually, she found the end of her path. The pinnacle of strength where none else could reach.
Standing on the battlefield, she shouted to stop the fight.
To overwhelm all other powers with her own, to crush all grief, shatter all malice and to stop before her, the endless stream of tears, she struggled to her utmost.
Punching those who brandished their swords, kicking those who flung magic, breaking those who bared their fangs, she pulverized all and any who came to seek battle.
But, the more the woman fought, the stronger became the swordsmen, the mages and the bearer of fangs, ever increasing their numbers.
As if she had entered a never―ending spiral of violence.
No one knew how to save themselves other than to answer violence with violence. That was why, no one knew of a way to save themselves aside from victory in battle.
Woman: “Why――!!”
In the end, the woman herself, despite knowing this, also answered with violence. Lowering her fist that dripped crimson, she turned her blood―smeared face to the sky, and wailed.
The fighting would not stop. Her efforts, her hard work, all had been in vain; neither others nor her own tears would stop flowing.
Finally, in the chest of the woman who had been ceaselessly running, despair crept in.
Dripping down her cheeks, tears overflowed.
The tears that continuously streamed were not warm, but rather cold, the tears of someone powerless, drowning in despair.
However, alongside them flowed out a different, deep emotion.
Dyeing her heart pitch black, her vision red and her mind white, a tempest awakened within.
Face still wet with tears, the woman came to know of that emotion.
As she came to know its name, its origins, she came to understand it.
She had not been shedding tears of sadness.
She had merely been drowning in the madness of rage.
People called that emotion Fury ――no, they called it『Wrath』.
To this world that forced others to tears, to those who refuse to stop fighting, to the absurd unfairness that is the end of life.
――Let them, have a taste of my iron fists.
At some point, she stood up, wiped the dirt off her knees, and took off running.
Diving into the fray of the still ongoing battle, she punched everyone’s faces whilst shouting.
Stop fighting. Look at the sky. Feel the breeze. Smell the flowers. Live, with your families and loved ones.
For the first time, the woman’s voice swept unrest throughout the battlefield.
Fists that could break apart the Earth, kicks that could cause the heavens to roar, all only to let others live.
Wounds closed, screams silenced and knees bent in the face of the spreading warmth as battle lost its meaning.
Soon the voices that weeped disappeared from the battlefield, life returned to the mundane.
When the people’s tears stopped, they felt gratitude towards her. They raised their voices, waved their hands and smiled.
However, the woman was suddenly no longer there.
That was only natural.
The woman still had things to do. She had no reason to turn back, no reason to stop walking.
To fulfill her desire to create a world where no one cries, where there is no conflict, where no one has to take from one another, she ran, and ran, and kept running, as she threw around her fists.
Till the day everyone stops crying. Till the day the warm droplets rolling down her cheeks stop.
――The『Witch of Wrath』, who had declared war on sadness itself, continued to run ever, evermore.

※    ※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
“――――”
Yet again, after finding a Book of the Dead and gaining the knowledge it held, Subaru returned to reality.
From within the confines of its bindings had poured out the name of whose life it recorded, the many battlefields she had crossed through, and the conviction she once held when she was alive, albeit, all of it being only a drop in the ocean of her entire life.
Even though he understood that――,
Subaru: “……that was heavy.”
He felt as if a lump of dense, heavy lead was clogging up his chest.
For humans, no matter who, a second is a second, a minute is a minute, a year is a year. There is no scale that can measure the weight of a life differently, and thus time flows equally for all.
Such a scale of time, could not simply be contained within such flimsy paper, nor could it be transferred to the mind from it, no matter how special the technology.
Still, even though he had simply touched it, Subaru had to clench his teeth to keep his mind, so as to not be swept away by the rush of memories that flowed in.
The footprints of their lives that one left behind, were indeed great and heavy.
Emilia: “Subaru, are you okay?”
Subaru: “……ah, yeah, I’m fine. Feeling okay. My head just took a spin, that’s all.”
Emilia: “That’s not what feeling okay means……”
Closing the book in hand, he returned it to the shelf as Emilia watched. Meeting her gaze with one eye closed, Subaru pointed to the book he just put back,
Subaru: “I found another volume of the Witches’ books. This time, well, it was one of the better Witches, if that’s possible. She was still a little weird, though.”
Emilia: “The weird one…… Sekhmet?”
Subaru: “Hey, that’s one of the weirdest of the bunch. Wait, you know Sekhmet?”
Back at the Tomb of the『Sanctuary』, Emilia was supposed to have met Echidna in the Witch’s Tea Party, but Subaru never asked if she had met the others. He had assumed Echidna made an exception for him, and so, had not allowed Emilia to meet the other five Witches. So it startled Subaru when Sekhmet’s name slipped from her mouth.
The『Witch of Sloth』Sekhmet, was a woman with long, flowing magenta hair, owner of a deeply self―indulgent personality. Putting that and her demeanor aside, she was the most reasonable person among the Witches.
Subaru: “If you know Sekhmet, what about the other witches? Like, the one from this book, Minerva, or something.”
Emilia: “Er, no, sorry. I didn’t meet anyone else but Echidna and Sekhmet at the Tomb. I didn’t talk to Sekhmet all that much either.”
Subaru: “That so. No, it’s fine either way. Even if you did know her, this wasn’t something you’d enjoy seeing anyway.”
Flashing a dry smile at Emilia who hung her head, Subaru tapped the side of the bookshelf lightly.
The shelves that stored the memories of the dead were made of a strange material. Under his palm was not the sensation of wood, nor of iron, and the bookcase itself refused to budge when pressed.
Currently, while going through the Library on the 3rd Floor 『Taygeta』, Subaru and co. came to understand that the numerous books that were stuffed into the bookshelves both recorded and invoked the memories of the dead. Despite that, they steadily continued their search for something very simple.
Emilia: “That aside, I wonder where the stairs to get to the upper floor are?”
Subaru: “Right now, I have zero leads on that.”
Emilia tilted her head, deep in thought, while Subaru stood opposite, gazing downward as he sighed.
At present, everyone was worrying their heads over, not on how to get past the 3rd Floor『Taygeta』’s next『Trial』, but on where the location of the stairway that led to the 2nd floor would be.
The white area where the Monolith was had faded, leaving open『Taygeta』’s Great Library.
Thanks to that, they now had access to the memories of the dead, a concept that was surely very desirable, which was good and all but,
Subaru: “Well, for now, we don’t really have a use for this place.”
To search for the information everyone wanted by digging through the memories of the dead would be a herculean task, given its nature, as one could not even choose the memories they wanted to see, due to the absurd amount of time, and even luck, it would take.
Neither of those could be spared at the moment. Time was obviously short, but also that Subaru did not have enough faith in his own luck, no matter how much he was blessed with it.
Subaru: “So that’s why the info we want might be on the upper floors. It’s supposed to be.”
Emilia: “But, there’s no way to get upstairs. I tried to get on top of the bookcases, but it didn’t work out.”
Subaru: “You’re pretty bold, aren’t you, Emilia-tan….”
Emilia pointed to the ceiling while recalling what she had tried to do.
In the midst of their brain―wracking search for the staircase that led to the upper floor, she had climbed up on top of the tallest bookcase there was in the Library. The cases were arranged in a circular fashion, with small steps elevated to lead inward, placing the tallest bookcase at the centre. However, even that had not reached the ceiling of the room.
It should be noted that, despite how Emilia had climbed the bookcase, and despite how her short skirt was waving about boldly during the action itself, her movements were such that nothing was visible underneath, strangely enough.
When Subaru poked at it in a roundabout manner, Emilia simply touched the hem of her skirt and,
Emilia: “Puck taught me. Um, what was it again? A lady must always act with beauty and grace? I’m always careful about it, don’t worry.”
Subaru: “I feel kinda conflicted about this. I want to praise him, but I want to blame him too…. Anyway,”
Emilia had already failed in her attempt to physically force a way to the next floor.
In other words, there was a hidden gimmick to the appearance of the staircase. This was not only limited to the appearance of the Library, but extended to the process of going up further.
If it were too hard, the challenger’s motivation would likely fall, but the creator of the Watchtower, Flugel, must have taken that into account as well. The nerve.
Subaru: “Man, I really wanna see this guy’s face…. But how he looks is a mystery too, damnit.”
Julius: “――Subaru, can you come here a bit?”
While he grumbled, a voice called from behind him. On the opposite side of Subaru and co., rummaging through a separate bookcase, was Julius. Seeing him approach with Anastasia in tow, Subaru raised his hand.
Subaru: “Sure, what’s up. You found something?”
Julius: “Unfortunately, nothing worth mentioning. I have not been able to find a single volume with a name I know, since that first one. Your side seems to be in a similar situation as well.”
Emilia: “That’s not really accurate. Subaru did a good job, he really did find another volume, then looked through it and started looking kinda wobbly. Right, Subaru?”
Subaru: “I’ll take Emilia-tan’s praise to heart, but that’s how it is.”
Julius: “I see. Please take care of yourself.”
Subaru knotted his brows as Julius turned away from him, disinterested. While watching the two from aside, Emilia spoke,
Emilia: “But, Julius and the others haven’t found the stairs too, huh. We’re really in trouble.”
Julius: “I understand where Emilia-sama is coming from. However, if we are to believe that this Library does indeed record the names of all the dead, from the past to the present, although it is quite hard to digest, I’m afraid we alone cannot make much progress. We need many more people, like the entire population of a country, or so.”
Julius proposed with a serious face. Subaru had no objections with the proposal’s idea, feeling that such a number was more or less necessary. The Augria Sand Dunes have already been conquered, and if one needed to only reach the Watchtower,  one only had to avoid the nest of Witch Beasts. That alone could be a great adventure by itself but――
Julius: “Unlike before, the way to the Tower is as good as open. I believe that it is worthwhile to report the existence of this mysterious Library to the capital. We could make much more effective use of it that way.”
Subaru: “The value of this information is definitely nothing to joke about…. But I’m also pretty sure a lot of history buffs just like you will be born from this, eh.”
At Subaru’s rapid fire words, Julius stopped, and after a moment, shut his eyes and sighed,
Julius: “…to say I am not expecting that, would be a lie. Apologies. I had a selfish motive for that proposal.”
Subaru: “Come on, don’t get down like that. What’s wrong with being self―centered? If you’re feeling so sorry for that, what are you gonna make of me? I’m working just for my own sake, 100% of the time.”
Never truly acting out of duty, always expecting some kind of reward, that was how Subaru behaved. It was already his way of life, his philosophy.
That was why he could not compare to knights like Julius or Reinhardt.
Subaru: “Anyway, there’s no point in keeping yourself from it. I mean, the reason Anastasia-san herself wants to become the Monarch is pretty self-centered, right?”
Anastasia: “Yup, that’s right. I want to become the Monarch because I want to satisfy my greed. If I do, I can profit a lot more. That’s all there is to it.”
Anastasia laughed at Subaru’s crass remark, then softly patted the white fur of her scarf.
Anastasia: “That’s why I think it’s so amusing that Julius became my Knight. At least, I think that way. Is that so for Emilia-san too?”
Subaru: “Personally, it’s better for us if you guys’ paces don’t match, so just go along that and fall apart― Ouch! Emilia-tan, it hurts!”
Emilia: “Don’t say mean things――I’m personally not acquainted with Anastasia-san and her faction from before, so I can’t say anything carelessly. But, no matter how better my opponents are, I’ll win my way, alongside my knights.”
At the part about her knights, Emilia tugged at Subaru’s sleeve and puffed up her chest. Looking at that face from the side, Subaru exhaled a long sigh.
Emilia: “We might be greenhorns, but we won’t lose!”
Subaru: “No one says greenhorn anymore these days… Ouch! It hurts!”
Emilia pinched Subaru’s arm for making fun of her, so he quickly bounced away to escape the punishment. Looking at the two’s behavior, Julius and Anastasia’s expressions relaxed.
Especially Julius, who looked to have dropped his air of self-reflection.
Julius: “Sometimes, I truly do feel afraid of you two. How much is an act, and how much is genuine, I can never tell.”
Subaru: “My case aside, Emilia-tan is always serious. That’s what makes her so cute, right?”
Julius: “I’ll take it to heart.”
As Julius pulled in his chin, the derailed conversation came to a stop. Instead, Anastasia clapped to bring everyone back on topic.
Anastasia: “Anyway, bringing it back to where we were… We’re short on people, so there was talk of bringing in others from the outside, right?”
Julius: “Yes, that is so. Right now, as there are few things to worry about for the Dunes, I believe it would be possible to bring a large investigation team into the Tower. It would not only help with solving the mystery of this Library, but also further in as we go above…”
Anastasia: “That’s right, but I feel a tad bit anxious.”
Julius: “Anxious, you say?”
Cutting off Julius’ fervent speech, Anastasia nodded. Julius frowned as she raised her finger to point.
Anastasia: “I’d welcome an increase in helping hands, been wondering about that myself. Going around this Library’s taking a toll on my neck. Ya know, I’m small and all, so it’s a real pain.”
She spoke as she rubbed her nape,
Anastasia: “But, in the first place, I’m wondering if it’s possible to even fit a lot of people into the tower.”
Julius: “―――――”
Anastasia: “Thinking about what’s in it for the other party’s one of the basics of business. Well, I might be calling it business basics, but it’ll come in handy no matter where you are in life. So, let’s start thinking along those lines.”
Julius: “Think about where the other party stands? But, who’s that?”
Anastaia: “The one who built this tower and set up the『Trial』, and left behind Shaula-san… That one. Let’s think about being in his shoes for a moment. You’ll see.”
Subaru: “That, his personality’s crap?”
Anastasia: “Yup, I think he’s completely out of it.”
As Subaru’s lips twisted, Anastasia nodded in affirmation.
Upon hearing those words, the always―serious Emilia and Julius became stiff. But, with how twisted Subaru and Anastasia’s personalities were, they both seemed to be in perfect sync.
Anastasia’s opinion seemed to be the most apparent case, if the person with the awful personality really did try to raise the difficulty of conquering the Tower.
Subaru: “Shaula! I’ve got something to ask. Come here.”
Shaula: “Master? Aye, aye―! Coming right away!”
Once called, Shaula hopped over from the other side of the large bookcase, her figure leaping up.
Arms outstretched, her long ponytail waving in the air, she grinned as she jumped towards Subaru’s chest―――,
Shaula: “Ma―s―ter!”
Subaru: “Nope.”
Shaula: “Ughyah―!”
With a nimble step, Subaru dodged the incoming glomp. However, as Shaula was still going, she dove face―first onto the floor, her arms splayed across. She quickly turned to shoot a glare at him.
Shaula: “Uu―, Master is super mean.”
Subaru: “No, no, I didn’t move away because it was you, but because you were gonna crash into me full force, so my reflexes kicked in.”
Shaula: “So you’ll let me hug you if I come at you slowly!?”
Subaru: “Eh? Don’t wanna, though.”
Shaula:“Why not! What part of me is lacking! Even though I look this glamorous! Even though I’m this bitchy!”
Subaru: “You’re bitchy, huh… Then that’s why.”
Whining at the top of her voice, Shaula boo-ed at Subaru’s cold attitude. And, while she pouted, two small girls came around from where she had jumped.
Beatrice and Meili, foregoing their appearance, were an uncommon pairing indeed.
As if noticing Subaru’s thoughts through his gaze, or maybe having realized it on her own, Beatrice put a bit more distance between herself and Meili.
Beatrice behaved that way with Petra as well, even though they were around the same age (outwardly). She maintained a clear line between herself and Meili.
Of course, it would be impossible for her to treat Petra and Meili in the same way. Petra was an ally from the same camp, while Meili was originally sent as an assassin from somewhere, who was even involved in the burning of the Forbidden Library and the Roswaal Mansion.
Subaru: “If you keep shying away from people like that, you’re never gonna make friends, you know.”
Beatrice: “What are you spouting all of a sudden, I suppose. Anyway, Shaula disappeared in the middle of talking, so we quietly came back, in fact.”
Subaru: “Ah―, I ruined the convo over there, my bad my bad. Well, did you guys find anything good?”
Beatrice: “…There was nothing in particular, I suppose. And, thinking back, it might’ve not even been worth calling a conversation, in fact. Yup, that’s all that was, I suppose.”
Subaru: “―――?”
Snapping away her face, Beatrice cut off answering Subaru’s question.
Before the alienated Subaru could further question her cold response, Shaula had gotten back to her usual self.
She stood upright by the strength of her abs alone and,
Shaula: “Well, Master being mean isn’t anything new. I can pull myself together alone. Getting back up fast is one of my selling points.”
Julius: “That, alongside your cooperation, Miss Shaula, is something that helps us. By the way, may I ask something?”
Shaula: “What’s up? I’ll warn you beforehand, I won’t fall for someone who’s not Master.”
Julius: “I admit that you are an attractive woman, but I’m afraid I’ll have to take a rain check on our date for now.―― I would like to ask and confirm a few things about this Tower.”
Julius elegantly added in a few sweet words but tastefully avoided the topic altogether. This surprised Shaula, who lauded herself as being stubborn as a bitch. As she was not expecting such an answer, her eyes widened, something that was very unlike her usual self, and meekly gave a “Um, sure,”
Julius: “My thanks. Then I begin. Firstly… Do you know the location of the stairs to the 2nd Floor?”
Shaula: “The stairs to the 2nd Floor,『Electra』? No clue. Never went up beyond the 4th. So don’t know.”
Julius: “That by itself is quite the shocking statement.”
If she was to be trusted, then Shaula had been at the Watchtower for about 400 years.
If, within that time, she had not once gone off to explore the Tower she lived in, but instead focused on keeping the Sand Dunes under her observation, then she was just too loyal to the one she followed.
Frankly, Subaru felt very conflicted about being mistaken for that same Master.
Anastasia: “Julius, if you’ll let me interrupt for a moment.”
This time, replacing her knight was Anastasia. Standing in front of her, Anastasia’s light blue eyes reflected Shaula’s figure.
Anastasia: “Shaula-san’s position is that, right? To be accurate, you’re the watchman of the Watchtower… No, of the Great Library Pleiades, right?”
Shaula: “Eee~xactly.”
Anastasia: “I see. Then, according to my calculation… It’s four, no, five?”
Anastasia lifted her right hand up to show five fingers.  Shaula, who could not grasp what she was getting at, simply stared down at her and blinked.
However,
Anastasia: “―――the secrets Shaula-san was told to keep, to protect the Tower, there’s five of em, right?”
Shaula: “――――”
Anastasia beamed widely as Shaula fell silent, coming at a loss for words.
As the two stared at one another, eye to eye, all it took was but a slight jerk of her shoulders to tell Anastasia that she was completely correct.

※    ※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
Shaula: “In the first place, I wasn’t really hiding anything. I just didn’t say anything because I wasn’t asked. I want that on paper, please.”
Subaru: “Just spit everything out already.”
While Anastasia brought her secret―keeping to light, it was Subaru who crushed what few excuses Shaula was trying to make.
In response to his forced demeanor, Shaula pressed the tip of her fingers together and answered,
Shaula: “Like, for example, if Master and everyone secretly tried to get out of the Tower, I’d have to kill everyone, no mercy.”
Subaru: “The hell, what’s with you suddenly!?”
Shaula: “I wouldn’t do it because I wanted to! We’re just talking about what-ifs. In the first place, I can’t even go against that order.”
At the sudden revelation of hostile intentions, Subaru intently stared at Shaula, who shrunk back as she shook her head. Her bountiful chest pressed against her knees, she cradled herself into a ball.
Shaula: “I can’t even kill you in the first place, Master. I’d get killed before that even happens, and it’ll be over with that, so the whole order’s messed up…”
Subaru: “If you’re really that against it, why not just… not?… Unless, wait, you’re not gonna say it’s a Contract, right?”
Feeling something off, Subaru brought those words to his lips.
In the first place, if one thought about Shaula’s identity, then it would be very clear. For 400 years, in place of the『Sage』, she lived at the Tower, looking over the Witch’s Seal as the Tower’s watchman.
Given such a role, and actually having acted upon it for the past several centuries―――, Neither her lifestyle nor her lifespan were humane.
Subaru: “You, are you a spirit just like Beako?”
In lieu of a fake promise, Beatrice was locked up inside of the Forbidden Library for 400 years.
If, just like her, Shaula had spent the past 400 years shooting down any who dared approach the Watchtower, waiting for those who would fulfill the conditions, then possibly, she and Beatrice were the same kind of existence―――.
Shaula: ”No way. Not gonna stand being compared to those fluff―ball things called spirits. I absolutely refuse… Everyone’s eyes are looking pretty scary suddenly!”
Subaru: “That’s because 80% of everyone present here is related to spirits!”
As it stood, counting the amateur as well, there were three Spirit Users. Furthermore, one particular young girl was a Spirit herself, and another who was possessed by an Artificial Spirit herself. The only ones unrelated to Spirits were the Oni sisters who waited downstairs, and the small girl who was looking at Shaula with a mischievous expression for some reason, Meili.None of what Shaula said had sat well most with those who were present.
However,
Subaru: “Let’s leave that at that, anyway, what the hell are you. If you’re not a Spirit, then I don’t see why you’d so desperately keep up your Contract.”
Emilia: “What are you saying, Subaru. Even if you are not a Spirit or a Spirit User, if you make a promise, you have to keep it. Promises are important. Now, repeat after me.”
Subaru: “No, wait, that was my bad just now. It was just a figure of speech and…”
Emilia: “Promises are important. Three times.”
Subaru: “Promises are important. Promises are important. Promises are important.”
Getting unexpectedly rebuked by Emilia, he repeated her words three times to get forgiveness.
Either way, both Emilia’s and Subaru’s unwitting charade, and Shaula’s strictly obstinate attitude, were difficult to understand by outsiders.
It was not simply a matter of messed up sense of duty, too.
Julius: “Right now, what is important is to learn more about the orders Miss Shaula had received. It’s a bad habit of yours to derail the conversation. Be aware of it.”
Subaru: “Like all of it’s my fault… Fine! That was my bad, all of it was my bad! I’ll admit it was my fault, so just leave it at that, damn you!”
Shaula: “Wow, that’s totally a big outburst, but that’s just expected of Master! I’ll talk.”
To Subaru who approached with a pathetic and sour face, Shaula beamed and dealt her hand. Then, she cleared her throat, and in a strangely decent manner, “Now then,” she opened her mouth,
Shaula: “I humbly present that, I will now speak of the orders I was given. First, I am to never let the challenger of the Great Library Pleiades get out.”
Subaru: “We’re suddenly stuck here!”
Shaula: “It’s alright! There’s a proper way out! As long as you properly clear the Great Library’s『Trial』, and reach the 1st Floor『Maia』, there’s no problem. It’s all OK.”
Shaula said as she gave a thumbs up.
Shaula: “By the way, if this condition is violated, then I’ll turn into a cold―blooded killing machine pretty quick, so it’ll invalidate my promise with Master. I’ll get in the way.”
Subaru: “That’s got a bigger priority than my promise, huh? Kinda hurts.”
Shaula: “Ooo―, to think I’ve managed to hurt Master, I must’ve gotten stronger~! This is clearly an evolution! The fruits of 400 years!”
Subaru: “I’m joking!”
Shaula: “Me too~!”
After indulging in the fast back and forth, Shaula raised a second finger and waved around her hand and spoke,
Shaula: “Continuing, well, I’m getting tired of this, so I’ll rush it. First, it’s forbidden to leave without completing the『Trial』 . Second, it’s forbidden to break the rules of the 『Trial』. Third, it’s forbidden to disrespect the Library. Fourth, it’s forbidden to try to destroy the Tower itself. Fifth, ah―, fifth was…. Oh. There’s no fifth.”
Emilia: “All of that makes four rules… but,”
Somewhat taking in Shaula and her butchered explanation, Emilia turned towards Subaru and the others. The anxieties and fears she embraced, were ones Subaru understood too.
The rules Shaula spoke of were, roughly, easy to stand by, but there were several curious statements mixed in. The problem was especially with―――,
Subaru: “I’m really curious about the ‘It’s forbidden to violate the rules of the『Trial』’ bit.”
Julius: “Seems like it is a hidden rule we are unaware of.”
Julius agreed with Subaru, who touched his chin, lost in thought.
At least, for the『Trial』of the 3rd Floor,『Taygeta』, Subaru and co. had not received any information about the Rules during it, and had not faced any problems with the Monolith and its Asterism.
Speaking of which, the moment anyone touched the wrong Monolith, they were disqualified.
Anastasia: “Rules, regulations… they all sorta sound like bad news, at least to me.”
Emilia: “…The『Ordeal』from back at the Tomb would close down for the day if the challenger failed to pass it. It somewhat seems quite similar to how we redid the『Trial』from earlier, so maybe―”
Emilia stopped herself at that point, and bit her lip. Her trembling purple eyes darted to Subaru, who gave a slight nod.
Subaru: “If you’ve got anything on your mind, now’s the best time to speak up. Don’t worry, I won’t make fun of you, no matter what you say.”
Emilia: “Mmh, I know. Um, you see, Subaru and Anastasia―san were saying that, the person who made this Tower is reeally mean… right?”
Subaru: “Your choice of words is turning pretty cute, but that’s right. What about it?”
Emilia: “Thinking from the point of view of the other party is also important. In other words, if you try to look at what Shaula said, while imagining how that reeally mean person felt, it’s kinda like―”
As everyone’s gazes turned to Emilia, she licked her lips, then she clapped together her hands, and pointed to the ceiling.
Emilia: “There are rules we have to follow, but we don’t know what those rules are… That’s really mean, isn’t it?”
Subaru: “…in other words,”
Emilia: “We have to imagine what could be the possible rules, and go on without breaking them.”
“―――”
Everyone’s faces tightened with anxiety at Emilia’s words.
To their response, Emilia’s long eyelashes fringed as she looked down.
Emilia: “I feel like, Echidna would do something like this.”
Subaru: “….Emilia―tan, to think we’d think of the same person when it comes to crappy personalities. We think alike.”
That one sentence lent a bit more credibility to Subaru’s own thoughts, at the very least.
The owner of the malicious personality Emilia mentioned――― He felt it was close to being right.
Establishing rules that were not meant to be broken, but not telling the Challenger themselves the contents of the rules.
It was quite the distasteful disposition.
Subaru: “By the way, are you the one who’s going to judge whether the rules are broken or not?”
Shaula: “You’re coming to get the hang of it. All the stuff I just said, I’m supposed to just get it if there’s any violation of them. Absolutely no way to trick me. Goes for both Master, and his friends.”
The meek voice expressed a mysterious power in the latter half of her words.
That was not the physical prowess of Shaula, but rather the opposite.
――That there was someone much stronger than Shaula, who could make her act like that.
Subaru: “It was already a bad joke, but now another bad joke got piled on top of it. Too late anyway.”
Julius: “At times, I feel envious of the frivolous way you speak.”
Julius sighed as he spoke. Looking at his handsome profile, Subaru shrugged.
Julius: “Perhaps it is because of how you’re always looking up, that you developed such a persona. If that is so, then I am afraid I will never be able to gain such an experience.”
Subaru: “You need to be more afraid of what’s around your feet. You’ll stub your toe on the corner of a desk. I really hope you do.”
Anastasia: “Yes, yes, good friends getting into arguing’s fine and all, but let’s not be forgetting our main topic.”
Splitting Julius and Subaru up, Anastasia stepped up to gaze down upon Shaula.
Subaru: “That’s all there is? It’s all fine till now, right?”
Shaula: “Cross my heart. Not lying this time. Besides, so long as the rules aren’t broken, my body’s still gonna be mine. No wait, that’s wrong. It’ll still be Master’s.”
Subaru: “Don’t want it.”
Shaula: “I got rejected! But, my heart’s always with Master!”
Subaru: “Don’t want that either.”
Hands on her waist, Anastasia reconfirmed everything Shaula had spoken of in short, with a few unnecessary words added by Shaula, alongside her own position in recent events. It took a while, but she managed to confirm that Subaru’s promise with her―――  To not harm him or his comrades, remained intact, and she planned on keeping it.
Of course, with the condition that none of the rules have yet been broken.
Emilia: “Either way, to think we can’t get out unless we complete the『Trial』… It’s coming to look pretty similar to the『Ordeal』from back at the Tomb.”
Subaru: “Nah, worst case scenario, so long as we beat this here, we all get to go home, right? That’s a lot easier than the one at the Tomb.”
Shaula: “Master would never do anything like that! He was the kindest ever! Had the biggest heart ever! Uwah, my body’s itchy because I lied!”
Shaula fluttered around, reaping what she sowed, as Emilia and Subaru looked on with disappointed expressions.
For the time being, that was all they got from Shaula.
Meili: “Are you all finished talking? Can I go get on the barely clothed Onee―san now?”
Subaru: “We’re done, we’re done. Go ahead. Do what you want. Wait, you’ve already gotten super attached to her.”
Judging that the talk was over, Meili, who had been staying out of the conversation, ran up to Shaula and climbed on top of her thin shoulders.
That was the place Meili felt most comfortable, ever since arriving at the Tower. To Shaula, who had lifted the dragon carriage like it was no big deal, Meili ought to be as light as a feather.
Meili: “Whenever I’m with Onee―san, I feel kinda safer.”
Shaula: “Well, I don’t think much of it. I can look after ankle―biter number two just fine.”
Subaru: “Number two?”
Shaula: “Ankle―biter number two’s this one here, and number one is that one over there.”
With Meili still on her back, Shaula pointed to Beatrice as number one.
Beatrice made no comment on Shaula’s belittling remark. Normally, considering her personality, she would have snapped at her at full force, face red and puffy.
Subaru: “Wait a sec, she hasn’t been talking for a while now. Is everything okay?”
Beatrice: “―――”
Subaru: “Beako? Oii, Beatrice. Pay attention, come on. I’ll kiss your forehead if you don’t.”
Beatrice: “…do what you want, in fact.”
Subaru: “―――”
As if barely listening, Beatrice answered. Finding it unamusing, Subaru frowned.
And then,
Subaru: “Mwah―”
Beatrice: “Ngyah― I suppose!?”
Feeling somewhat annoyed, he really kissed her forehead. Immediately, Beatrice came to her senses, covered her forehead and leapt away. Then tripped. Then got up. Then tripped again.
Subaru: “You’re overreacting…”
Beatrice: “Wha, wha, wha, what are you doing all of a sudden, in fact!? Your train of thought makes no sense, I suppose!”
Subaru: “My train of thought makes perfect sense. I even got permission from you. Are you really okay?”
Feeling a little hurt at how she desperately scrubbed the part where he had kissed, Subaru worried about the little girl.
Putting in a little thought, this Tower, a place with a shady backstory, was in the middle of the Sand Dunes. Subaru did not understand it very well, but there was some kind of Miasma flowing through here, so that might be the cause.
Subaru: “If you’re not feeling good, just hold my hand. You get better that way, right.”
Beatrice: “That’s impossible, it won’t happen, in fact! Give me a little time to calm down, I suppose!”
Her face beet―red, Beatrice squealed at Subaru, so he turned away with a shrug. That she refused to hold hands came as a bit of a shock, but the rest of her attitude was that of her usual self.
If there was something really worrying about her, he would just ask again later.
Subaru: “Now then, the problem is…”
Julius: “That in the end, we have no choice but to fumble through the unknown in search of the stairs to the 2nd Floor, is it.”
Julius finished Subaru’s sentence as the two turned to face the bookcases once more.
The reason they looked a bit down was that, they needed a bit more manpower to tackle this, but because of the orders Shaula had been given, they had to relinquish the thought.
If they did not clear the『Trial』, they would not be allowed to get out of the Tower. Naturally, one could not go out to beyond the Sand Dunes to call for help.
Ultimately, there was no choice but to continue the search with the members present.
Subaru: “Will you get it if I say, ‘It’s like looking for a single grain of gold in a mountain of sand.’?”
Julius: “Speaking in such poetic words is unlike you. However, I can honestly agree with them.”
Rare as it was, faced with the great hurdle that obstructed them, Subaru and Julius got along.
Nothing could be accomplished by dawdling, so they prepared to dive once more into the sea of books to find a way to the next floor, or so they had decided when,
Emilia: “Heey, I put a little thought into it, and,”
Emilia interrupted the two who were going back into the Library with a slightly raised hand.
She tilted her head towards them, put a finger to her lips, and spoke,
Emilia: “I thought about how the person who built this tower, his personality is a little dishonest, right?”
Subaru: “Your word choice is turning adorable again, but that’s right. So?”
Putting together everything that was discussed from the previous conversation, Emilia  added “So,” and continued,
Emilia: “The staircase, I think it might just be at that spot――”

※    ※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
Subaru: “I’ll say it again. The guy who made this Tower has the shittiest personality ever!!”
Standing in front of the long and winding staircase that led to the 2nd Floor『Electra』,  Subaru spat out various colors of abuse.
The staircase that led to the 2nd Floor, the location which Emilia had thought of, was――,
Emilia: “I thought it’d be in the places where we hadn’t looked, like maybe on the 4th or 5th Floors.”
Emilia spoke, feeling elated, yet somewhat perplexed.
Her guess had hit the nail squarely on its head. The staircase had appeared right beside the Green Room, where Rem and Ram were waiting, in a previously blank space.


Chapter 25
――There was a woman, all by herself.
Oppressed was the woman; by her family, her clan, by her race who should have loved her. All saw her with disdain, all ostracized her.
Prior to being born, expectations were laid upon that woman. Alas, her birth turned her traitor to them.
What remained was dejection and disappointment, what bestowed upon her was only scorn and ridicule. Those were the sole possessions of the woman.
There existed a dearest wish of her clan. To bring back the symbol of their former glory and prosperity, the second coming of their founder whom they called god.
All kinds of secret arts and all types of inhumane atrocities, unfathomable, the number of taboos committed, all of its fruits was the woman.
However, the birth of that woman betrayed their dearest wish, and the clan abandoned the woman with disappointment and despair.
Clansmen: “Go somewhere and live and die. For that is your sin.”
Abandoned by her family, by her race, she was released into the fields as a child.
Cast away with no means of survival, the child was not supposed to survive.
However, even if she lacked means of survival, she possessed the strength to survive.
Ironically enough, it was the feast of what betrayed the dearest wish of the clan, the taboos and offences they had committed.
Unknown to words, lacking all wisdom, merely abiding by her instincts, the woman survived to live a long life in the fields.
Killing beasts, sipping on their lifeblood, crawling on the earth, tasting muddy water.
Before a long time passed, the child became a young girl, the young girl became a woman, and it became difficult to live in the fields.
Hearing the rumours of a woman laying waste to the mountains as if it were a beast, men aimed for that life, and the woman was captured.
The captured woman appeared beautiful, the men abstained from taking away her life, and the woman was proceeded to be kept by them.
While becoming a yes―man of the men, gradually the woman’s consciousness descended onto a human environment from the fields.
Losing the indispensability of struggling to survive, exposed to the desires of the men, days of merely living.
Eventually the woman, upon the bed, came to acquire things unacquainted from the men.
Words, wisdom, way of life, and emotions.
Eventually her treatment altered, conferred with things to adorn her body, the woman was treated like a precious jewel.
Among those days, the woman embraced queer thoughts for the men.
Whether that was something resembling gratitude or obligation, the woman then had no lead to understand that.
While embracing those thoughts, the woman snapped the necks of all the men dwelling in the residence.
Easily, in one breath, without making them suffer, in an instant, grouping them all together, she consigned them to oblivion.
Sneaking away from the residence, proceeding towards the fields, lacking all doubt, the woman returned to her own hometown.
The woman attained queer thoughts regarding the race residing there, the clan possessing the same blood as her, the people who had bodies distantly larger than hers.
That they were feelings of hatred and desire for revenge, the woman then did not realise.
Merely, their weeps and wails, voices begging for forgiveness were quite thrilling. For the first time, the woman smiled from her heart.
Woman: “Fall apart here and die an unsightly death. ーーBecause that is your sin, you see.”
For the sake of attaining that felicity, from one after the other, the woman pulverised the dearest wish of her race, her blood relatives, her clan by herself.
Politely and courteously, not leaving a single one, not sparing a single one, taking her time, one by one, with certainty.
Before long, when all of her race died out, when anything and everything had come to an end, the woman returned to the residence where she had lived with the men.
Though she had abandoned the corpses of her race, she buried all of the corpses of the men courteously.
And once merely she alone was left in the residence, the woman took a deep, deep breath.
That was relaxation, tranquility, the woman, for the first time, experienced utter bliss.
Nobody would interfere with her now. Thinking and taking action, both lay in futility, so she will merely fall asleep.
――The 『Witch of Sloth』 continued to indulge in everlasting inactivity, untiring peace.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
――The stairway that led to the 2nd Floor『Electra』ought to be called the Great Stairway, because of its grand presence.
Compared to the spiral stairway used to get from the 6th Floor to the 5th Floor and furthermore to the 4th, the Great Stairway was much much wider, and much much longer.
As it took the space of an entire room, the intimidating feel it gave off was a given.
What was supposed to be an empty room, was now the Great Stairway.
With it in front, Subaru folded his arms and sighed. Then――,
Subaru: “It kinda feels like it’s been a long time since we last came here.”
Emilia: “Eh? We just found the stairway. What’s wrong all of a sudden?”
Emilia’s eyes widened with surprise at Subaru’s remark.
Subaru shook his head and turned to his companions, with whom together they had experienced the general nastiness the creator of the Tower gave off.
He recollected a bit of peace at the sight of their unchanged faces.
Beatrice: “――? Subaru, why are you wrapping your fingers around Betty’s?”
Subaru: “Kinda wanted to feel like I’m really here… Ahem, I’m good. My bad.”
Faced with a rising suspicion in her face, Subaru forced a smile at Beatrice, but still kept her hand in his.
Then, he turned around and pointed to the Great Stairway.
Subaru: “Now then, getting back on track… The Great Stairway was always here, and no one just really noticed, is not what the case is here, right?”
Julius: “I believe it is quite unthinkable to have not noticed such an obvious spectacle.―― However, if it were to be limited to only this room, then I cannot deny that possibility.”
Subaru: “Say what?”
Anastasia: “That uncertainty in the middle of exploration, huh? I get that.”
Taking Subaru’s doubt in stride, the Master-Servant duo of Anastasia and Julius nodded in agreement. Seeing that, Subaru tilted his head slightly, while Emilia raised her hand,
Emilia: “About back when Subaru was still sleeping, we all gathered at the 4th Floor. Rem and Patrasche were resting in the Green Room, and we were challenging the puzzle on the 3rd Floor, so, we were walking around to see where we could put our luggage…”
Beatrice: “We were all unconsciously avoiding this room. Looking back…”
Subaru: “So maybe, something from the outside was blocking this room out of our minds, or something like that?”
What Emilia started was continued by Beatrice, while Subaru brought it to its conclusion. Both Emilia and Beatrice nodded to that theory, and Anastasia and Julius agreed to it.
Once the Great Stairway was discovered, everyone thought about the room, and noticed the mind block―― If that were the case, then maybe the Great Stairway was always present in this room, and there was some kind of magic that camouflaged it so it could not be noticed.
Subaru: “Well, if not for that, when we finished solving the slab puzzle of the 3rd Floor, if there was anyone in this room, they might’ve gotten flattened by the sudden appearance of the stairs.”
Julius: “Subaru, it is not a slab, but a monolith. Let us refer to it the same way. I would like to avoid confusion.”
Subaru: “Monolith monolith monolith! Satisfied? Let’s continue.”
Although Julius looked dissatisfied with Subaru’s apathetic response, Subaru was fed up with it, so he ignored him. He turned to the two who had not taken part in the conversation till now―― Shaula, who was playing around beside the stairway, and Meili, who was on her back.
Shaula: “Mn? Something up, Master? Ah! Could it be, it’s my turn to be useful!? I’ll do anything for Master! I’ll even become your co-endorser!”
Subaru: “You, you don’t get what you’re saying at all, do you! That’s not something you should become, even if it’s your mom, dad, sibling or even friend telling you to do it. Just in case, I’ll ask, so, did you know…”
Shaula: “Definitely, I’ve been living here for a few hundred years now, but this is the first time I’m seeing these stairs!”
Subaru: “Meili, it’s fine to play around. Pull on the scorpion tail hard.”
Meili: “I’d do it even if you don’t tell me, onii-san.”
Shaula: “It hurts it hurts it hurtsss”
As usual, Shaula was useless when it came to conquering the Tower. Leaving it to Meili to punish her accordingly, Subaru looked up to the Great Stairway again.
Unlike the pair that led up to the 4th Floor, the Great Stairway was not spiral-shaped. Normally, a stairway would be a singular path leading up to the next floor. However, for this particular one to cross the 3rd Floor, and lead directly to the 2nd, was something that would look weird for the Tower, given its shape. One would think that, subsequently, the structure would cause the floor to protrude outside of the Tower――
Subaru: “Maybe it’s making up for that using the power of mystery…”
Emilia: “Or maybe it just looks like it leads up to the 2nd Floor, but it goes to a completely different place… Would that be too mean?”
Subaru: “I’m scared that Emilia-tan’s pureness will get tainted by the Tower creator’s awful personality. I wanna conquer this place faster.”
Emilia: “――?”
Emilia tilted her head to the side, not quite understanding. However, it was Emilia who found this Great Stairway, and it was also her who uncovered an important hint in solving the mystery of the 3rd Floor.
The building called Watchtower Pleiades, or rather, Great Library Pleiades, had a number of very nasty gimmicks that reflected the designer’s personality.
While being very reliable with her solving obstacles one after another, Subaru, who wanted to spend his days in peace with her, worried that her personality might get twisted because of this.
Subaru: “Saying that, our pace’s been pretty nice so far. I cleared the 3rd Floor’s『Trial』on my first try, and we’re already 1/3rd done with conquering the Tower in under just three days too.”
Beatrice: “Compared to how there was no progress in 400 years, this would be a great pace, I suppose.”
Subaru: “It’s pretty damn lit, thinking that way… But then, I’m the kinda amazing guy who’s moving forward history that’s been stalling for the past hundreds of years. As a history-mover, my power word game’s strong.”
In the recent past, he had gathered the participants in the『White Whale』subjugation, crushed the Witch Cult’s Archbishop of Sin『Sloth』 and annihilated the『Great Rabbit』, helped partly in clearing the『Ordeal』at the tomb of the『Witch of Greed』, defeated the Archbishop of Sin『Greed』, and finally, set foot on the never before explored Watchtower Pleiades, cleared one of it’s never before challenged 『Trials』and was now on the way to challenging the second of those『Trials』――.
Subaru: “If I’m just listing all my achievements and skip the process, I’ll only look like an idiot…”
He had died several times to accomplish all that, so at the same time, he could not exactly puff his chest. Despite that, history had indeed advanced a bit too far in the past year.
He had not intended this, but at the very least, he had to settle things with Archbishops 『Gluttony』and『Lust』, so the world better be prepared for it―― Is how he felt about the matter.
Subaru:“Whe― what? What’s up, Emilia-tan, holding my hand suddenly. Something wrong?”
“Emilia: …no, no. It’s just, I think Subaru should be a little, little bit more nicer to himself.”
Subaru: “Yeah, no, you’ll have a hard time finding someone who’s as soft on himself as me. It’s enough with Emilia-tan and Beako, any more’s just too much.”
Rem would be added to that list, whenever she wakes up. She would be a bit strict, but kind nonetheless.
And adding Petra, Patrasche, Garfiel and even Otto to that would leave no room for Subaru to go easy on himself.
Emilia: “――――”
Emilia’s lips shook faintly, as if trying to search for some way to respond to him, but she only kept on looking at Subaru.
Lightening his grip on her hand, Subaru cocked his head.
However――,
Anastasia: “At this point, I think this here’s a problem of the root of Natsuki-kun’s being. It’s not something that’ll get better in a day or two. I suppose it depends on how Emilia-san goes about it, though.”
Breaking into the conversation with a clap of her hands, Anastasia shot a glance at Emilia. Emilia looked back, her expression earnest, but it seemed to not be the reaction she had intended, so,
Anastasia: “――My, I feel like there’s very little hope for that. Not that it’d suit you.”
Emilia: “――? I don’t think I understand, but if you show me how, I’ll try my best?”
Anastasia: “I’m afraid I’ll have to refuse… I’m not too fond of getting kicked by an Earth Dragon.”
Subaru: “Getting kicked by an Earth Dragon… I wonder if it means something like getting kicked by a horse.”
Setting aside Garfiel’s weird phrases, Subaru added in a new phrase that might be common in this isekai.
In any case, for Subaru, that was not the end of the confusing info being thrown around in Emilia and Anastasia’s conversation. At one point, he and Emilia both kept tilting their heads at every other line, to the point that Anastasia sighed, and pointed to the Great Stairway.
Anastasia: “Heey, when are we going to quit dawdling and go up? Whatever’s waiting might be harder than the 3rd Floor… Or maybe Natsuki-kun will end up clearing it right away.”
Subaru: “To tell you the truth, if it’s something as annoying as the puzzle on the 3rd Floor, I’m not feeling too hot about it.”
To be honest, the only reason Subaru was able to clear the 3rd Floor『Taygeta』’s『Trial』was because knowledge about stars and constellations was critical to clearing it.
Constellations―― That too, knowledge from Subaru’s original world, was required to solve the puzzle. In fact, Subaru believed that the constructor of this Tower was from another world, modern times at that too, just like him.
In that respect, it was highly likely that the 2nd Floor’s『Trial』required modern knowledge as well, where Subaru’s presence would prove useful, but――
Subaru: “Things might be different compared to the 3rd Floor, I mean, I can’t do much if it’s something I don’t know. The name Flugel’s Germanic, and I dunno much about Germany’s history anyway.”
A vague anxiety swirled in him, but he could not voice it, so to keep everyone’s expectations. In both Emilia and Beatrice’s eyes, Subaru was weak.
Thus, he wanted to do whatever was possible by dragging out whatever little knowledge he had of Germany.
Subaru: “Can’t help it. The stairs up are literally right in front. I can’t call myself a man if I step back now. Let’s just pop in there and breeze through the challenge.”
Julius: “Unfortunately, aside from you and I, there are only women here.”
Subaru: “It’s just a saying, don’t put a damper on it, you! Alright, let’s go, Beako!”
Beatrice: “Ngyah- in fact!”
Julius dowsed the burning spirit Subaru had in his clenched fist, but Subaru simply stuck his tongue out to him and pulled Beatrice into his arms and ran straight up the stairs.
Emilia: “Ah, Subaru, wait!”
Seeing his enthusiastic jump up, Emilia clambered behind him, while Julius and Anastasia slumped their shoulders in unison, and followed after.
Meili: “Barely-clothed Onee-san? Aren’t you going?”
Shaula: “Yap it with the barely clothed already, ankle-biter number two. I’m properly clothed, you see. I’ve got an ero-kawaii thing going on, see. Master chose this for me, so stop complaining about it.”
Meili: “I’m not really complaining, you know~ Just hurry up, come on, come on, or we’ll get left behind.”
Shaula: “You’re really bossy even though you’re just riding on my bad, ankle-biter. I’ll tell on you to Master later! Actually, I want to just teach you some manners myself~!”
Shaula put her foot on the stairs as she shook her reddened face, scorpion tail flailing about. With vigor unseeming for a person carrying someone on their back, she jumped from the first step of the Great Stairway, to the fifth, and kept running.
Shaula: “Dadadadadadadadada–!”
Ignoring what was happening behind, Subaru kept on running up the stairs with Beatrice in his arms. In the middle of it, Beatrice had skillfully changed her position to that of a princess carry and narrowed her blue eyes at Subaru.
Beatrice: “As I thought, there is something tweaking the sense of space here I suppose. We haven’t gotten out of the Tower even though we came so far in a straight line, in fact.”
Subaru: “Maybe we couldn’t just tell from the outside, but the Tower might really be shaped like that too.”
Beatrice: “For just this one stairway to be jutting out? If that was so, then there needs to be something that makes the Tower look tower-like. Otherwise, there is no point in hiding the stairway, in fact.”
Subaru: “I guess so. I just felt like saying it out loud.”
Subaru sighed as he agreed with Beatrice’s reasoning and looked overhead.
Strangely enough, even though he was running up the stairs, the floor above seemed no closer than before. No matter how much he ran, it felt like he was going up using a down escalator.
Subaru: “No way, to think that the harassment Emilia was talking about would actually happen…”
That there was only a stairway prepared, and it actually did not connect to the 2nd Floor―― As Subaru gave this theory more thought, the space overhead opened up at the same time.
Subaru: “Oh, oooh――!?”
Beatrice: “Hya”
Faced with sudden bright light in the poorly lit stone-cut stairway, Subaru and Beatrice shouted at the same time.
At some point, while continuously moving forward, the stairs had ended, and they had stepped onto a new floor.
Which was――,
Subaru: “A white room… again, huh.”
Beatrice: “I suppose.”
He stopped and carefully put Beatrice down from his arms.
It was a surprisingly long climb up the stairs. Despite his stamina having improve, he could not stop himself from crouching over his knees and breathing heavily.
While stroking his back, Beatrice tapped the floor with the tip of her toe and looked around the room. Subaru gulped and did the same.
To the two who had reached the top of the stairs first, the room was a spitting image of the 3rd Floor『Taygeta』’s『Trial』, a white expanse. A mysterious structure where both the floor and the ceiling extended far beyond the reach of the eye, and the basis of distance itself seemed to be skewed.
No doubt the only reason this white space was registered as a place was only because of the small space with the stairs that was open on the ground leading to the floor below, just like it was on the 3rd Floor.
Emilia: “Ah, this room again?”
And from that same open space popped up Emilia and the others, all bearing similar reactions to the scenery of white, and all dropped their shoulders in dejection.
It was obvious with the presentation, that another『Trial』was about to commence.
Subaru: “Any chance we just came to the 3rd Floor again by mistake?”
Emilia: “I don’t think so. There were 54 steps in the stairway between the 4th and 3rd Floors. This one here had 444 steps. That’s almost ten times more steps we needed to get here, right?”
Subaru: “You, you were counting, Emilia-tan?”
Emilia: “Fufu~, the truth is, counting the number of steps is a secret hobby I recently picked up… Why are you patting my head?”
Subaru and the others took turns in patting Emilia’s head after she boasted about her hobby. Even Julius and Meili, who refrained from doing so, looked on with delicate pity.
Emilia: “It feels kinda, reeally weird, you know…”
Subaru: “W-we really couldn’t have done it without Emilia-tan. Thanks to you, we know we’ve gone up ten times higher than the 3rd Floor. Kinda makes you think if we’ve just jumped way up to the 1st Floor. I’d like to go with that, but, for now, I think we should consider that this is the 2nd Floor….”
Beatrice: “The『Trial』is supposed to begin, in fact. That over there might be how, I suppose.”
Putting away Emilia’s doubts for later, Subaru looked to where Beatrice pointed―― Straight ahead from coming up the stairs, there was a spectacle that caught one’s eye.
Even on the 3rd Floor『Taygeta』, there was something similar in the centre of the room. And upon touching it, the『Trial』would commence. If the case was the same here as well, then――,
Julius: “It’s not a Monolith, but――― A sword.”
Narrowing his golden eyes, Julius spoke as he gazed upon『It』, which stuck out of the ground.
Exactly as he stated, within the white expanse stood not a Monolith like the 3rd Floor, but『It』.
―――『It』was a sword.
Without sheath, it stood straight, tip pierced into the white floor.
The way it stood absolutely straight, hilt facing up, was a terrifying beauty that reflected in Subaru’s eyes.
It was not as if there gorgeous decorations, nor did Subaru know its material was of high quality.
Only that, in its non-decorative simpleness, in its making of minimal use of steel, there was something beautiful.
Subaru: “From the looks of it, it’s supposed to work like a『Sword of Selection』….”
Julius: “―――”
Subaru: “Yes, yes, you were really patient. Good boy, good boy.”
Julius held back his words when he noticed the picturesque scene of Subaru whispering to a sword. Putting aside Anatasia’s silent praise for Julius who was watching, Subaru set his eyes on Shaula. She had her arms crossed and her chest puffed, face brimming with confidence.
The kind that read, ‘You can ask me whatever you want, I’m completely ready to say I have no clue!’ So, Subaru, without having asked a word, was forced to finally stepped towards the sword.
Emilia: “Subaru.”
Subaru: “I think it’s fine. It’s not a trap that casts Instant-Death on you, if it’s anything like the 3rd Floor.”
Nodding his head to a distressed Emilia, Subaru took a step towards the Sword of Selection. Of course, Emilia and Beatrice tagged along naturally. The rest remained on stand-by at the mouth of the stairs, ready to react in case anything happened.
Subaru: “Careful about making a get-away road for Anastasia. It’s a pretty long way down, so if she trips, she’ll keep on rolling till she dies.”
Julius: “I will keep it in mind. Rather, you ought to be more mindful of Emilia-sama and Beatrice-sama’s warnings.”
Emilia: “It’s okay. I’ll protect Subaru.”
Subaru: “Ahh, alright, I’ll let myself be protected.”
Watching Subaru flashing a thumbs up to a very enthusiastic Emilia, Julius sighed. After seeing it through, Subaru faced the Sword of Selection in front.
A distance where if he just reached out, he could touch it. At that point, the presence of the sword brought out a certain sense of reality. That, like the Monolith, there was no mysterious feel to it.
Subaru: “That said, it’s a sword that has been stuck here since the tower was built. That there’s not even a speck of rust on it is itself pretty weird.”
Subaru whispered in front of the Sword of Selection, then took a light breath―― breathed out―― then stretched his hand towards the handle.
Wrapping his fingers neatly around it, he felt it was slightly resisting him, but he still put strength into pulling it up.
For a moment, doubt flashed in everyone’s minds about whether Subaru would be able to pull it out, if it truly were the『Sword of Selection』――but, the thought turned out to be in vain.
“―――”
Upon applying the slightest bit of strength, the sharp edge that was stuck in the floor came out easily.
It truly was with as elegance as a sword could have, as if it were thrust out of its sheath.
At that immediate moment, it echoed.
『――Gain his forgiveness, by hand of the Fool who has reached the Heavenly Sword.』
“―――tch!”
A voice that bore through eardrums and resonated directly in their skulls told them of the details of the『Trial』.
It was an expected turn of events, so he had not done something as unsavory as dropping the sword, it was nonetheless an unpleasant experience.
After all, the voice that echoed in his head was very much like『Himself』.
Subaru: “Feels like getting car-sick… I guess everyone feels that way too…”
Did everyone hear, or was it limited to Subaru, who had pulled out the sword? Everyone had heard the voice when someone touched the Monolith.
So, this time too―― Subaru turned around with that thought, and noticed.
“―――”
――That everyone’s breaths were caught, and they were looking at a single point.
“――――”
Following their line of sight, Subaru also looked. The place they were all looking at was a point further ahead of the Sword of Selection―― At a place that coincidentally equalled the distance between the sword and staircase.
And at that place, the shadowy silhouette of a person had appeared.
Voice: “――Gain his forgiveness, by hand of the Fool who has reached the Heavenly Sword.”
A voice that was supposed to be whispering, suddenly sounded very loud to Subaru.
A voice that repeated the same words he had heard when he pulled out the sword. However, it was nothing like his own voice that echoed in his head, but undoubtedly was being spoken by the silhouette with a different voice.
Voice: “――Gain his forgiveness, by hand of the Fool who has reached the Heavenly Sword.”
The voice, as if it were an idiot taught to repeat only one sentence, spun the same words again.
Whether the voice seemed mechanical, automatic or even instinctual, could not be determined.
The subtle tremble of the voice was apparent in the repetition of those eerie words. They were terribly direct, as if an edge of a sword were tickling the silhouette’s heart.
“―――”
Whether the tremble was from fear, or from passion, or from pleasure, or from grief, could also not be determined. For it to play around with others emotions so well, was proof that there was a distinct gap between it, and a living creature.
At this distance, from just being a voice, it played with lives.
“――Gain his forgiveness, by hand of the Fool who has reached the Heavenly Sword.”
――It was a man with simple yet long, red hair, that flowed down his back.
He was quite tall. A full head above Subaru, the man’s body was adorned with thick muscles befitting his height.
He wore not armor, but a casual crimson robe that contributed nothing in protection―― From his right side down to his arm, his chest lay exposed, and his waist was bound with a white sash.
His flaming red hair reached up to the middle of his back, and his left eye was covered by a shoddy black eye-patch. Finally, the right eye that remained uncovered, was a blue reflection of an unreachable sky.
Surely, it was such a well-ordered beauty that would make anyone and everyone turn around and take a look, a sight fit for a painting―― That savage, cruel smile filled with insanity, spoiled it all.
It was a most exceedingly beautiful, ferocious beast.
The most beautiful beast that existed in this world―― To the point that Subaru forgot to breathe in its presence.
Shaula: “Hii…”
The illusion of the stillness of time was broken by a soft whisper.
Swiftly he heard a girl’s voice squeak out a ”Kyaa-”. At the edge of his eyes, he saw the figure of the girl whose black hair reached her backside, at his side―― Shaula dropped to the floor, while Meili’s eyes darted around, confused.
Shaula: “Hii, hiii….”
If anything, Shaula was so upset that she could be incontinent.
With her eyes open wide, her face twisted in a way unbefitting a girl as beautiful as her, the depth fear she madness of the fear she felt was expressed clearly.
If it were possible, she would have left the room according to her instincts.
Only, her trembling legs did not permit it.
――The very Shaula who utterly destroyed the Centaur creature, was stiff with fear?
Man: “――Gain his forgiveness, by hand of the Fool who has reached the Heavenly Sword.”
Even with the frightened Shaula in sight, the voice continued repeating those words.
At first glance, it seemed to be a situation that rose in eeriness levels―― However, there was something else he noticed.
The man did not move a single step, only ever exerting pressure from where he stood. ――No, the man did not even try to exude pressure. He simply stood still.
Just by being there, his existence gave off the same presence as that of a『Witch』.
Subaru: “―――tch.”
Holding his breath, he forced his eyelids, that had forgotten to blink, to close and took a moment to calm down.
And then, without taking his eyes off the man for even a second, Subaru took a step backward. In his right hand was the Sword of Selection, in his left was Beatrice’s hand held firm, he pulled her stiff form back.
Subaru: “Eh, Emilia…”
Emilia: “I, I know.”
Knowing he could not leave her behind, Subaru called out Emilia’s name, knowing she was still petrified. Even so, Emilia nodded in response. Matching his movements with her shaking knees, Subaru shrunk away slowly.
Man: “――Gain his forgiveness, by hand of the Fool who has reached the Heavenly Sword.”
The distance widened. Even so, the man remained unmoving. Only, he repeated the same words.
Man: “――Gain his forgiveness, by hand of the Fool who has reached the Heavenly Sword.”
He poured his all into his nerves, and finally arrived at where Shaula was lying. Shaula’s face was stiff with fear as usual, and Meili had grabbed onto her arm, unable to move.
To take the girls and retreat from this place. Would that even be possible? Subaru’s hands, both the one that held the sword, and the other that held Beatrice’s hand, were stiff, with no signs of being able to move them. He could not even imagine being able to force up Shaula and Meili by grabbing their arms. In the first place, would that man allow that? What was that man’s objective? What was the trial for, and what purpose did the sword have――,
Man: “―――Gain his forgiveness, by hand of the Fool who has reached the Heavenly Sword.”
The words that were being repeated, the phrase, that was the proposal of the 2nd Floor『Electra』’s『Trial』.
What meaning could there be in the man repeating those words. The contents of the『Trial』he had heard about the moment he pulled out the sword, the man who repeated those words, the fool, and forgiveness, what exactly――
Man: “――gain, forgiveness… heavenly sword… fool…”
Subaru: “―――huh?”
Quickening his thoughts, the feeling that something terrible is going to happen kept rising in Subaru, and at the same time, the man whose voice kept resonating without stop, came to a swift halt.
Subaru instinctively groaned, a careless act that made Emilia and Beatrice a bit more nervous, but that had no effect on the change taking place.
―――More than that, the changes the man underwent were becoming much clearer.
Man: “Heavenly Sword, fool… his forgiveness… o, ooh, oooh, oh―, oh―”
Subaru: “Whu-what? What what, what’s gonna happen?”
Man: “Ah, ah, aaaaahh――!!”
Shaula: “Pigyiii!”
Subaru: “Dowaaa!?”
Stopping was far from it.
Rather, there was a strange string of sounds at the end of the standing man’s words, and in the next moment, the man put a hand on his hair, began scratching, and pelted an explosive shout.
Suddenly unable to stand it, Shaula squealed like a pig and leapt to Subaru. Naturally, he could not keep standing. Her arms coiled around him with all her strength, and unable to take evasive action, Subaru tumbled to the floor with her.
Subaru: “――――tch!”
In the instant of the explosion, sparks flew in his eyes, while both the man’s shout and Shaula’s incessant crying, who still clung to his waist, pounded his eardrums.
Man: “Aaaaaaaaa―――!!”
Shaula: “Hyaaaaa! Mastermastermaster heeeelp! I don’t wannaa! Help meee!”
Subaru: “W-what’s with you for the past few minutes――”
Man: “――Shut up already!! My head’s already killin’ me as it is! Stop shoutin’!”
Shaula: “Afuu….”
Right before his words of comfort could reach, Shaula’s spirit crumbled.
Despite having been thrashing about for some reason, she quietly stuck to Subaru’s waist and stopped moving, and losing her consciousness, she collapsed to the floor.
“No way, you….”
“Bukubukubuku….”
Shaula swiftly and gracefully departed from the battlefront via fainting. Although help from her when it came to conquering the Tower was close to nil, even from the examiner’s point of view, this was supposed to be completely unexpected.
For a woman, whose brute strength deserved a certificate, if nothing else――― To be this afraid of this man, things would certainly be precarious,
Julius: “I take it that you are by no means, a simple existence.”
Man: “Aahn?”
The man groaned in displeasure when a footstep echoed.
With a clack of his pair of white shoes, stepped forward the Excellent Knight―― Julius twirled around and picked up the sword Subaru had dropped.
Watching him, the man’s lips curved down, a scowl plastered his face.
Man: “Hell’s up, you. And what’s with this place? Ya fuckin’ around here, you?”
Julius: “No, we are doing nothing of the sort. We too, are of a similarly confused standing. You appeared here all of a sudden―― We cannot help but be on guard, is what I would like to convey.”
Man: “Hell’s up with you. Don’t be talkin’ weird, you. Don’t ya be talkin’ like my follower, you. Ya my follower? Ya ain’t, right? Since ya ain’t, don’t be talkin’ like him, making all this shit confusing.”
The man’s mood kept turning sour each time Julius spoke with an expected respectful yet careful tone.
Though it was becoming clearer that the man was human, whether conversation with him could be established, was an entirely different topic.
Man: “―― pretty lookin’, pretty lookin’, hot stuff, runt, runt, follower, small fry.”
Julius: “Unfortunately, I am not your follower.”
Man: “ Kah! The way ya talk, it’s just how my follower talks. Stop copyin’ it.”
The man belched out a good humored laugh at Julius’ objection.
Coupling unusually white teeth with an oddly handsome face, his shark-like smile reeked of madness.
“――――”
Finally, a bit of humanity was found within the smiling man. Or rather, finding out that the man was an intelligent being capable of conversation, would be more appropriate.
Man: “Oi, you. Explain what’s happenin’ here, you. The hell’d ya do to me, you. Don’t ya be hidin’ stuff, you. Get to it, you.”
Subaru: “Appearing out of nowhere, acting like you’re hot shit…. What’s up with that.”
Man: “Aahn?”
The man thrust his hand into the open part of his bare chest and scratched carelessly. Subaru, who finally raised his body, squeezed out what words he could muster and spat them at the man.
He simply glared at Subaru with his right eye, who was lying on the floor and,
Man: “Hell’s with ya. Why’re you sleeping, you. Ain’t that a real nice place, you. Getting that hot a woman to be ya meat bed, you. Switch up with me, you.”
Subaru: “Sadly, with respect to the person herself, I refuse…”
Somewhat stopping his shaking feet, Subaru stood. At the same time, he pried the clinging Shaula off. It was a careless act that made her fall to the floor face-first, but there was no time to consider that.
But――,
Man: “Anh-, anh-, aahn? What, it’s you. You doin that? Fucking ‘round, you?”
Subaru: “…the hell yous pulling that rude shit for, you.”
Man: “Kah!”
The man bit clenched his molars and roared a hearty yet violent laughter.
Ignoring Subaru who was clearly confused, the man looked over the white room and nodded to himself, “Oh- ohh- righty,” then spoke again,
Man: “Gotcha. ――So then, let’s start.”
Subaru: “Start… Wait! Why do you keep on running the conversation all by yourself!? It’s really too much to take!”
Man: “Zip it, you. Keepin on yappin over and over, already explained while I was sleep-talkin, didn’t I? Pay attention to what I’m sayin, you.”
Subaru: “What’s with this for the past few minutes…”
Man: “Gain his forgiveness, by hand of the Fool who has reached the Heavenly Sword.”
Unable to keep up with the situation, Subaru’s eyes darted around, while Emilia repeatedly whispered the sentence, word for word, to herself.
Slowly, the girl started de-petrifying. Following Julius and Subaru, out came Emilia and Beatrice from the stillness of time, and Anastasia and Meili right afterwards.”
Only Shaula remained unconscious, however―――,
Man: “Kah! That beauty over there’s different from this here small fry. If I’d been alive, I’d be bedding you tonight, you…. Looking close, ya real sweet, you. What’s with that face. Ya real damn frizzlin’, you.”
Emilia: “Frizz―…?”
Subaru: “Hey, you! You’re the guy! You’re the examiner here, right?”
From looking at Emilia, a lust awakened in his eyes. Putting himself between those two, Subaru stood and pointed at the man.
The man smiled like a shark at the statement and,
Man: “――No clue. Ain’t interested in some title someone’s put on themselves. I’m me, you’s you. Nothin’ more to it than that. Ya wanna talk with me proper? Get me to move even a step from here, you.”
Julius: “――――”
They were the words of a man standing defenselessly, calmly.
As for why he had not laughed it off, it was the very condition that needed to be fulfilled to clear the『Trial』. Thus, it was a task worthy of being called as such.
――Gain his forgiveness, by hand of the Fool who has reached the Heavenly Sword.
If the man who stood in front were to be this 『Fool who has reached the Heavenly Sword』, then the method to get it was clear. What was left was to see if that method was indeed even possible.
Julius: “Knight of the Imperial Order of the Kingdom of Lugunica, Julius Euculius.”
Before the fight――― nay, the『Trial』began, Julius offered his name as an act of courtesy.
It was an act of the greatest honor, declaring the other as their equal, regardless of position or gender.
In response, the man’s one blue eye narrowed with excitement, and brought forth an unusual sword spirit and,
Man: ”Ain’t got no name worth givin’ ya, just a mere『Stick Swinger』, I am.”
Trial of the 2nd Floor『Electra』of the Great Library Pleiades:
Time Limit『Condition: Unlimited』
Number of Challenge Attempts『Condition: Unlimited』
Challengers『Condition: Unlimited』
――Trial, initiated.


Chapter 26
――There was a woman, all by herself.
The woman’s spirit had been violated. The woman lay deep in the abyss of insanity. The woman was standing upon the farthest land of starvation.
Growling in the solitary castle, gnawing the unoccupied throne, breaking her teeth, ripping up her mouth, starving.
The woman had been a human when she was born, but at that point in time, she no longer remained human.
It all began a few years ago, when the man governing those lands fell victim to an incurable illness.
Weakening by the day, the man, frightened of his approaching death, stretched his hands to all kinds of means in order to prolong his life.
Before long he attained techniques which were taboo, and gathered a large number of lives for an outrageous immorality for the purpose of attaining a long life.
Abundantly, lives were sacrificed, abundantly, lives were rendered idle, and among those sacrifices was the woman.
Who she was, what her name was, what her birthplace was, who her family was, such memories of hers had already been burnt away.
Merely a tool was the woman. A seedbed, for the man merely awaiting his death, having been eaten away by the demon of ill health.
Idle lives only to be wasted, that was how it was supposed to be, yet the woman survived.
A body ruined, power gushing forth, the lamp of a life ostracized by what is called time.
The hopes, dearest wishes of the man trespassed by the demon of ill health, materialised upon the woman’s body.
The man was delighted at the fruits of his labour, postponing the memorial for those sacrificed, overbearingly unfastened the woman’s constraints.
ーーWhen she came to notice, the woman was alone, in the uninhabited solitary castle, anguishing and suffering with starvation.
Thoughts disappearing with cruel hunger, memories devoured into a void by violent thirst.
She had nothing in her memories. She had nothing within her understanding. Merely, her entire body had constraints, so she possessed no freedom either.
Eating away all food within the castle, vomiting out the content of her stomach, chewing and digesting them once again, she continued to repeat.
Ultimately for what remained of her starvation, she bit into the stone walls, crunched the throne, ate the carpets.
At that pace, she would starve to death. Her body, which cannot die, would starve to death.
“Grrgrr, grrrr. Grrgrr, grrrr……”
At the extremity of starvation unable to obtain trance, the woman finally saw an illusion.
Inside the solitary castle, bustling about with wilful freedom was a horde of dogs clad in beastial hair.
Even if it was a hallucination, she did not mind. If she was unable to be satiated physically, she desired to satisfy merely her heart.
With such wholeheartedness the woman crawled, devouring the beasts. Devoured the beasts. Ate them away.
She was being satisfied. The following instant, she vomited. She licked what had been vomited. She chewed. Vomited, ate.
In the illusion, in the mirage, in the hallucination, in her desire, there present was taste. There present was form. She could feel it on her tongue.
When she came to notice, the interior of the castle had become a den of repulsive beasts.
“Aha, ahaha, ahahahahahaha~.”
She was greatly delighted. Buried in days of eating and getting eaten, she was satisfied after she ate, and she vomited after she was satisfied.
Stuck between starvation and refusing food, the woman ate and vomited, slurped and spilled.
Given birth to by the empty skiesーー no, given rebirth to, were the beasts with a repulsive presence.
Before she noticed, the woman’s constraints were exposed to the battle for devouring between the beasts and her, came loose, and she was freed.
Attaining freedom, the woman crawled, exited the castle.
The beasts as well, following the woman, exited the castle. Upon the earth, in all directions, they scattered around.
Hunger, starvation, unable to endure them, the woman devoured, and kept the castle she had grown tired of eating for later.
To visit it, when the day of the satisfaction of her hunger and thirst arrives.
ーーThe 『Witch of Gluttony』 gave birth to the horde of Witch Beasts, and continued to starve from inexhaustible starvation.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
――On the 2nd Floor『Electra』of the Pleiades Watch Tower, in the room white as chalk, the『Trial』began.
The examiner stood in the corner of the room, a man with red hair and the smile of a shark plastered on his face.
Introducing himself as naught but a『Stick Swinger』, the man’s aura overflowed with an unusual sword spirit.
The way he appeared was in itself complicated. Even Shaula herself, who was the supposed caretaker of the Watchtower, had fainted the moment she laid eyes on him. As such, he was obviously no one ordinary.
Thus――、
Julius: “I will, from the first moment, fight at full power――！”
Man: ”――――”
Leaning forward, Julius spoke as he took a step forward.
The blade he softly threw towards the man, was the same Sword of Selection that had been stuck into the floor of『Electra』. The sword spun in the air, flying in an arc, before it stabbed the ground near the man’s feet.
So that the man may simply stretch out his hand to take it.
Man: ”Hell’s you doin, you. Throwin’ me a sword and all, ya got a death wish?”
Julius: “Unfortunately, as a knight, it is most shameful an act to swing a sword at one unarmed!”
Man: “Kah! Makin me laugh. ――Ain’t empty-handed, take a closer look, you.”
The man roared with laughter, teeth bared, at the advancing Julius. And while laughing, he casually raised his foot in the air and gave a wild kick to the sword. The Sword of Selection gave a shrill wail as it flew off.
It screeched inches past Julius, who had lunged towards the man――、
Julius: “――tch! I hope you bear no regret for speaking those words!”
His thoughtfulness coldly cast aside, Julius’ face cheeks stiffened as he swung out his Knight’s sword.
The slender blade he raised in a straight line, as a hammer to strike at those insolent enough to disgrace the grounds of a duel.
It pierced forward, swift as lightning but――、
Man: “Don’t be shoutin’ all cutesy there, buffon. Ya got a nice damn face. Wouldn’t ya be troubled if ya get off on ol’ me cryin?”
Julius: “Wha…… tch”
With a thunderous boom, the tip stopped before reaching the man’s torso.
Of course, Julius had not slackened his hand. He always tried to the best of his abilities, regardless of the situation. Thus, it was not him that stopped the blade, but rather the man bearing the smile of a shark.
Julius: “Impossible!”
Man: “Gotta believe what ya see. It all starts from there, ya know.”
Cackling with joyous laughter, the『Stick Swinger』raised his right hand and scratched his chest. It was the same behavior as before. Just like the time he was piling up on a nonsense conversation.
However, his left hand pinched the tip of Julius’ sword, with frightening accuracy.
That too, with――,
Julius: “――a pair, of twigs?”
Man: “Look here, it’s not even close. What, ya eyes bad or somethin’, you. Chopsticks, its chopsticks. Pretty nice for grabbin’ snacks, them chopsticks. Is why I keep ‘em on me.”
So slender, one had to squint to properly see the pair of wooden sticks――the『Stick Swinger』held them in his left hand and used them with grace and dexterity, similar to how Subaru knew them to be used, who had reflexively groaned upon seeing them. Chopsticks indeed existed in this world, as he had witnessed and experienced during his stay at Priestella, but to witness one use them with such finesse, was a first.
――No, regardless of the finesse one possessed in their use, to stop the swing of a First Class swordsman using a pair of chopsticks was absolutely an inhuman feat.
Man: “Hah? Don’t be makin’ me laugh, you. Swingin’ at the best angle, with the best speed, with the best feelin’, in the best way――Be chopsticks or whatever, there’s nothing it can’t cut.”
Julius: “Gu….tch.”
Rolling his eyes over the awestruck faces, the『Stick Swinger』yawned, then spoke with a stab of sarcasm. But while it was normal for everyone to be silent when shown such a spectacle, Julius, the concerned party, could not.
He put strength into his arm and pulled to pry away the Knight’s Sword  that remained stuck between the pair of chopsticks. However, no matter how much strength he put in, the sword would not budge.
Man: “Lemme tell ya though, this here ain’t made outta somethin’ funny. Bad material’s just bad for the skin, so. Got nothin’ mixed in, just your everyday pair, made from some tree somewhere.”
Julius: “Kh…..”
Man: “Let it out, let it out… Best be laughin’, you. Whoevers laughins more of a looker. Not that it matters, you bein’ a guy.”
Suddenly, the block he felt at the tip of his sword was gone, leaving Julius bewildered. In that instant, the man turned his body and leapt into the air with his two bare feet. With tremendous force, he landed a kick right above Julius’ slender waist, sending him flying.
???: “Julius――!”
Subaru did not know who raised their voice in a scream, but they had no choice but to watch his flight, as everyone had to put in much more thought before making any kind of sudden movement.
And now, following him as he soared across the air, unable to fix his posture,
Man: “Kah!”
The『Stick Swinger』’s figure shot off like a bullet, chasing right after Julius. With unbelievable physical prowess, he stopped right above Julius and took stance with a chopstick in each hand and released a flurry of slashes aimed at Julius ――Whether they could be called slashes was up for debate, but regardless, the man unleashed a violent flurry of strikes with the chopsticks.
With movements so fast, each separate strike seemed to disappear. It appeared the same way to everyone, and Julius was already helpless mid-air, so he had no way of dodging.
With his Knight’s Sword as his only ally, Julius met each chopstick slash with his own. However, the chopsticks slipped past, as if sneering, and stabbed into Julius, again, and again, and again, and again, and again――,
???: “Jiwald――!!”
A ray of heat shot across the air, aimed towards the engaged duo.
White light, in its most simple form, can rip through the world with its dreadful edge. In other words, it can become an invisible blade that tears, cuts and burns through everything in its path.
It went straight, and was as such, easy to dodge―― However, the shimmering rays travelled at the speed of light, crashing straight into its target.
Even so, the『Stick Swinger』cut away the rays of light fired by the third party with ease――,
Man: “――My sword can cut even light, you.”
Faster than his own gruff voice’s echo, the chopsticks struck and sliced through the ray of light.
An impossible spectacle that pulled in the attention of everyone present. Only the man sneered, as if he had done something ordinary, and continued jabbing at Julius with his free hand.
As if making light of him―― No, the truth was, he indeed was making very light of him.
???: “――tch! Jiwaaaaaald――!!”
In response to that, his eyes turned red, overlapping with the chant――.
With both arms spread wide, chanting for the magic that shot rays of heat, her graceful composure painted with panic, was Anastasia. Hands open, all fingers poised―― Ten fingers in total shot out ten Death Rays simultaneously, all danced in the air as they approached the『Stick Swinger』.
――And the『Stick Swinger』himself took just as an amazing measure.
Man: “Kah!”
The『Stick Swinger』faced the dancing beams head on and sliced through them with his chopsticks just like before, then he pounced up by kicking off of thin air and made a nosedive―― Taking Julius, who was right below, along with him, dragging him across the white floor as he ran, Julius was pinned by the chopsticks in his solar plexus.
Man: “Kakakakakah! Aim well, you. Can’t even swat a fly like that. They don’t call me a lady-killer for nothin’, you. Kakakakah!”
Anastasia: “Jiwald! Jiwald! Jiwaaald――!”
Anastasia still chose to continue her attacks against the cackling man. Unfortunately, regardless of its firepower, if the magic does not hit, it has no meaning.
Even with her firing them all over, the man simply cut through, at times ducked, and at times made a sharp spin by putting his weight on Julius.
His overwhelming physical and battle prowess in full display, clashed against Anastasia’s clearly poor aim.
In this case, technically it was not Anastasia whose aim was poor, but Echidna’s, who was currently inhabiting that body. Despite wishing to aid Julius with a surprise magic attack, her actions severely failed her intentions, leaving her unable to even get a scratch in.
Soon――,
Anastasia: “――a, kh.”
Man: “Aahn?”
Her time, it would seem, would run out first.
The『Stick Swinger』who was gleefully dodging the heat rays, stopped and raised his eyebrows when the rays halted their pursuit. At the end of his gaze was Anastasia, who had collapsed to the ground.
Blood flowed from her nostrils, a sign that she had overworked her own body. She had stated it herself earlier. She could not rely on her trump card, as it would shave away her own life――.
Julius: “Anastasia-sama――!”
Man: “Ooh!?”
Vigor instilled by the sight of his falling master, Julius broke free of his defense-only stance, free from being slid around on his back, free from the relentless blows of the chopsticks of the『Stick Swinger』.
He had taken took off the button near his chest and flung away his knight’s mantle, forcing the direction of friction to change, allowing him to get out of the cycle.
From his position on the floor, he aimed a circular kick at the man’s head, cursing his own foolishness. The man moved his chin away slightly, escaping the blow, but Julius repeated his kicks two more times like a breakdance. After a few rounds of kicks and dodging, he stood back up.
Man: “Ya really pulled a good one, you. Felt that good, you.”
Julius: “I don’t have time for your nonsense! Move it――!”
Their absolute difference in ability, was something Julius understood too well, yet still roared at him. His knight’s sword, even after the countless blows he had taken, had not left his hand.
So the sword flew, slithering through the air in a show of swordsmanship of the utmost grace and elegance, even while being worn down with righteous cause and a sense of duty―― It may have been the finest display of a knight’s swordsmanship.
A countless number of days, of months must have been spent, shed tears and blood training to refine his technique.
And yet――,
Man: “Playin’ with me, you? Ya playin’ me? Don’t be goin’ light on me, you.”
Julius: “――tch.”
Man: “What’s this. Don’t make me laugh, you. Don’t be holdin’ back, give me all ya got, you. Are ya serious ‘bout this? If this’ all ya  got, man, what a let-down, you.”
His thrusts were stopped, slashes, blown away, barrages, shot down and his one-shots, parried.
The technique Julius had built up, his own essence as a knight, were all denied by the swaying pair of frighteningly beautiful, violent and powerful chopsticks, wielded by a man who kept yawning, who named himself only as a mere『Stick Swinger』.
Half his life, was being trampled over by a pair of measly twigs――.
Man: “Ya ain’t like this usually, you. Why’s ya fightin’ all lonesome, that ain’t how ya fight, is it? Ya ain’t used to it―― That’s why all this’ borin’ me, you.”
Julius: “I am….”
Man: “If ya wanna tend to ya girl, I’ll let ya. Borrow a pair of ’em thicc thighs and get babied, ya ugly failure of a swordsman.”
That which flashed across his face, was it wrath? Pain? Regret? Despair?
In any case, one can never truly know what lies within others.
Julius: “――――”
Julius’ sword flashed, his thin knight’s sword, as it did likely millions of times before, tracing across the air.
Anyone watching, even from the sidelines with untrained eyes, could tell it was a swing full of faults.
The chopsticks dove into the flash from the side.
In the next moment, sailing through the air, the wood tore through the steel of the knight’s sword―― With a faint cry, Julius’ knight sword snapped in two.
His yellow eyes could only widen and follow the sight of his beloved sword’s tip as it spun across the air. How long had he been using that sword? What history did he share with it? None knew.
Only, what broke hadn’t been limited to his sword.
Man: “Off with ya.”
Accompanying the spat out words were giant fists that were thrown at his face.
It was the most unrefined and primitive kind of violence. A violence that was prevalent from a time long before man had any kind of tools, that utilised one’s own flesh.
Man: “――――”
The merciless strike broke Julius’ elegant profile. The blow took his consciousness and sent his body flying across the room, where it followed the laws of inertia and crashed, rolled, then finally remained still, body splayed across like a broken doll―― Right beside Anastasia.
Like master, like servant, the unconscious duo were lined up. It was the beastly man’s misplaced sense of consideration.
Man: “Well, well, next up’s…”
Snapping his neck like he just finished warming up, the man turned to them.
In truth, it was a warm-up to him. In only a few tens of seconds, Julius had dashed across the battlefield, got beaten in a one-sided fight, Anastasia tried to help but the two ended up only collapsing together―― Within that time, Subaru had not a single chance to cut in, and could only stand and watch.
And just like him, there stood still――、
Emilia: “――Ice Brand Arts, Icicle Line.”
Man: “――――”
――Absolutely none.
As if to prove it, white particles danced around her.
Pale blue specks of light, barely noticeable in that they were actually fragments of ice―― Birthed by Emilia’s absolute magic, Hyousetsu Kekkai1:『Icicle Line』.
Emilia: “I want to ask one thing before we start.”
Mixing her own magic energy with the Mana of her surroundings, she put up a kind of barrier with the man in the centre as he scratched the place above his eyepatch, then called out to him.
Man: “Aanh? Lemme hear, frizzlin’.”
Emilia: “I’m Emilia. Just Emilia.――Wasn’t the condition, to make you take just one step? You ran around a lot just now though.”
After giving her name, she asked a natural question.
Before the fight started, the『Stick Swinger』had indeed stated that while laughing. 『Let’s see ya get me to move even one step』. If that were to be taken as the condition, then it had obviously been broken.
To say they had been flying across and all over the room during Julius’ fight, would be grossly understating everything.
However, the man shrugged and spoke, “Oi, oi.”
Man: “Don’t be takin’ that stuff seriously, you. Just made it up on the spot. It happens, right? Ya wanna be lookin’ cool from time to time, right? It’s that stuff. Geddit? Ya don’t? Well, ya bein’ a woman an’ all. Bein’ a frizzlin’ one an’ all. Be with me tonight, you.”
Emilia: “I’m sorry, but I don’t understand what you mean. Besides, I don’t think I can win, even if I fight you.”
Subaru: “Eh, Emilia….?”
With magic ready at hand, her posture saying she was completely ready to fight, Emilia boldly proclaimed her powerlessness. The『Stick Swinger』’s eyes widened at that remark, and Subaru, who was standing stiff, blurted out something.
Emilia responded to him with a small, “Really sorry”, then turned back to the man,
Emilia: “You’re reeeally strong. I can see that. But we have to pass this『Trial』. So please, give us a way to win.”
Man: “…………”
Emilia: “If we manage to make you move even one step, it’s our win. Let’s base our match on that…. Can’t we?”
She lowered her brows, then asked the silent man. At the end, she added something with a little bit more confidence, which stunned Subaru.
It was an absolutely ridiculous proposition, one only the greatest of idiots would accept.
The『Stick Swinger』had remained silent for a good moment after hearing that flimsy proposal, but then――,
Man: “Kah!”
He bared his teeth in laughter, then looked at Emilia through his bright, blue eyes. Those eyes washed over her frame, as if licking her from head to toe, and then,
Man: “――Real fine stuff ya made of, can’t say I hate it, you. Showed lotsa guts, sayin’ all that to someone like me. Biggest idiot I’ve seen since Trisha, you. I’ve taken a liking to ya.”
Emilia: “So, I’ve passed the『Trial』?”
Man: “I ain’t gonna treat ya that much, you! But alright. Already showed off in front of a nice lady. Gotta keep it up. Gonna turn even in my grave if I step down here.―― I’ll make it like ya want.”
Emilia: “I’ll pass if…”
Man: “Ya win if ya can make me move even a single step!”
The『Stick Swinger』with a softened expression, called out to the crestfallen Emilia, who immediately looked up and nodded, then turned to Subaru,
Emilia: “I’m leaving Anastasia and Julius to you. Please tend to them.”
Subaru: “T-time! You saw what happened just now, right!? Going in without a plan’s…..”
Emilia: “Its okay. He doesn’t seem like he’s aiming to kill…. And I’ll give my everything, too.”
Brimming with confidence, Emilia cut off Subaru’s attempt to stop her and took a step forward. And then, while still wearing her dignified look, raised both her hands towards the『Stick Swinger』.
With that much distance put between them, she could one-sidedly snipe him with her magic.
Man: “With a face that frizzlin’, ya pretty stubborn, you.”
Emilia: “Do what you can the best you can, is what I’ve learned from my great Knight!”
Even in such a disadvantageous situation, the man simply folded his giant arms and laughed fiercely.
With her sights set on the man’s smile, Emilia put some force into her words―― Right away the air popped and snapped and droplets of pale light fluttered about, then formed into weapons of ice one after another.
Swords, lances, spears, axes, arrows, and many, many more weapons formed.
Ice Brand Arts: Icicle Line―― A technique that used the giant reserves of magical energy inside Emilia to create a limited-area boundary of destruction, a special technique forged through Subaru’s otherworldly inventiveness, had activated.
Emilia: “Ei, ya!!”
She raised her voice in a warcry, but it had no effect on the man.
Accompanying her cry, the weapons that had their tips pointed towards the『Stick Swinger』shot off from all directions at the same time.2
Multiple weapons that struck even from one’s blindspots, it was indeed an unblockable attack.
Faced with this, the man once again took one chopstick in each hand, and released a raging flurry of strikes, starting the tyranny of chopsticks.
Art unfolded in the spectacle of a single man ripping through ice.
Subaru: “――――”
Following Emilia’s instructions, Subaru dashed to where lay Julius and Anastasia, checked their condition and sighed in relief when he realized they were only unconscious.
Anastasia’s case was, as Echidna had worried, likely to be the result of her forcibly using magic by shaving off her life force. While not completely in the clear, her nosebleed had stopped, and she seemed to have simply fainted. As for Julius, even though he had been assaulted by chopstick-fu, which had likely hurt, but retained no more than a few bruises to his body.
If he were to, say, have been struck one hundred times, if it were a sword and not chopsticks, he would have died a hundred times over, but he was likely shown consideration, so the end result was by no means a minus.
Beatrice: “Both of them are doing well, I suppose. But….”
Subaru: “I know.”
Beatrice, who had come beside Subaru to check on their wellbeing as well, was cut off.
They were done checking the duo’s condition. As for the beast that did this in the first place, Emilia was busy clashing with it head on――、
Man: “Kah!”
Ice sprayed and shattered, and the overjoyed man crushed their fragments under his teeth while swinging his chopsticks. With just that one swing, a hatchet and sword of ice that had come bearing down on him at the same time, were cleaved right in twain.
The shattered weapons of ice turned into bubbles of pale light, which fell and scattered around the raging wild man, a fantastical spectacle that repeated itself endlessly.
However, even while doing so――,
Subaru: “――He won’t budge.”
Man: “Started with flashin’ my cool side, so let me keep bein’ my coolest till the very end, how boring can ya get, you.”
Upon hearing Subaru’s groan, the『Stick Swinger』began humming some kind of tune while intercepting the many ice weapons. Even then, while his upper body swung like he was doing some kind of tempestuous dance, his feet remained cemented in the ground, like a pair of immovable mountains.
Against someone like that, even firing off magic like a hailstorm was doing little. That sense of frustration not only festered in Subaru, who had a bird’s eye view of the fight, but also in Emilia, who was directly involved in it.
So, to break this stalemate, Emilia stepped in――.
Emilia: “―― Uuー, ya!!”
Silver hair fluttering in the air behind her slender body, Emilia pounced into battle. Raising both her arms, she grasped the hilt of a great battle-axe.
She turned herself full circle and brought it down straight towards the man’s head.
Man: “Kakah!”
 The man casually thrust up his chopsticks to intercept its trajectory. The chopstick only slightly changed the falling battle-axe’s trajectory, but it grew in size as it fell, the edge finally managing to gaze past his kinagashi’s3  sleeve, and pierced into the ground.
The violent blow raised a blast of wind, and unable to withstand the shock of its own power, the battle-axe of ice shattered into millions of fragments. However, she let go of the handle and immediately took in hand a lance that was being launched from behind her, then turned her body a full circle turn to land her next attack.
Emilia: “Ei! Ya! Torya! Urya! Uryaurya! Uyah!”
The thrust of a lance, the flash of twin swords, the swing of a longsword, the slash of a katana, the smash of a hatchet, all and any forms of attacking, were all meaningless when pit against this man.
Of course, Emilia was not lacking in any skill.
Her physical strength was in no way lacking and the Ice Brand Arts was, as Subaru would usually say even though he came up with it, the one and only one technique that brought out the best of her abilities, utilising both her physical prowess and enormous magical reserve to the greatest effect.
Beatrice: “――Subaru.”
Beatrice gripped his hand tightly. This grip filled Subaru with much needed composure, but he continued to desperately strained his eyes at the battlefield.
He could not find a single chance to break into the fight. Emilia was fighting up to that extent, where she kept swapping between weapons she was good with, always playing to her strengths, continuing her physical attacks, as well as firing off her storm of magic. The centre was indeed, a point which was being consistently carpet-bombed.
And the man who stood at the dead centre of that, dealing with everything without taking even a step, the monster who’d named himself as nothing more than a mere『Stick Swinger』, was a complete abnormality.
If he carelessly dove in, Subaru may only prove to be a distraction to Emilia. He could not deny that.
He could do nothing to remove his anxiety. Beatrice, who held his hand, too stood in silence, fully understanding that she was the same, in being able to do nothing but watch over the battle with clenched teeth.
Could the situation improve before Emilia’s stamina ran out?
Just then, an unexpected change occurred in this situation. That too, suddenly.
Emilia: “Huff! Ei! Terya!”
Both her hands grasped a pair of swords and swung them from both sides, aimed at his neck to decapitate. The man quickly lowered his head to avoid the blow, while both swords slipped out of Emilia’s hand and flew away. But, Emilia immediately created another pair in her palms and swung her crossed arms outwards―― The man dodged in a much fancier style, leaning so much that his body went parallel to the floor.
Man: “Kah!”
Emilia: “Wha-”
Knees bent, body almost touching the floor, the man held this position with the inhuman strength of his ankles. On the other hand, Emilia lost to her own momentum, letting her arms fly through nothing, leaving herself wide open and with a step in front, leaning back.
This was the first big, even life threatening, mistake Emilia had made in this fight―― The man might have seen even more, but this moment must have been the biggest chance he had seen.
Right then, the man straightened his bent knees, popping back into position. Emilia was left off-guard, and bit her molars.
In that moment, the man bared his teeth the most he had, then leaned forward with his shark-like smile.
Man: “Ya wide open.”
Using the chopsticks at hand, he brushed over Emilia’s twin peaks in a scooping motion.
Emilia: “Wh――”
Emilia was dressed in her usual white outfit, where parts of her white and smooth skin were visible. The chopsticks streaked over her chest, making her abundant swelling jump about obscenely, which made the man’s vile smile deepen.
The man groaned in satisfaction at the results of his obscene act.
Man: “Good, real good stuff. But don’t be gettin’ mad over somethin’ so small…”
Emilia: “Torya!”
Man: “Goah――!?”
Her hands crossed together above-head, encased in gloves fashioned from ice, came down on the man’s head, who was busy ogling her with a vile smile.
The blow landed so hard that the ice shattered, the sound of its hard impact resonating. The man yelled in pain, then dropped to the floor with his head held, and began rolling around.
Man: “Guoooooooh! It hurts daaamnit! Wh-what the hell were ya thinkin’, you!? Usually, a woman’s gonna hesitate if someone does that, but ya didn’t even blink! Hell’s with you!?”
Emilia: “――? But, you just touched my body, right? Plus, you were completely off-guard.”
Man: “Don’t fuck around! The hell’s with your upbringing! The hell were ya parents doin’!”
Rubbing his beaten head, the『Stick Swinger』sat on the ground with his legs crossed, shouting out his complaints. Emilia blinked in surprise at his shout, then touched the part of her chest where the chopsticks had brushed passed,
Emilia: “……Did I, say something strange?”
Man: “Oi! Do something about this frizzlin’ beauty! Get her walking out or somethin’! Small fry! Ya supposed to be attendin’ to her! Make somethin’ of ya-self, do it proper! It hurts, goddamnit……!”
Subaru: “I-I’m in no place to be taking this from you. That aside……”
Man: “Aaahn!?”
Despite being overwhelmed, Subaru somewhat managed to talk back to the raging man. Once he managed to swallow his own anger at how the man stretched out an obscene hand towards Emilia, he pointed to him, and spoke.
Subaru: “To hell with just one step, you moved a whole lot away.”
Man: “――――”
Emilia: “Ah! It’s true! I did it! I won!”
His mouth shut when Subaru pointed it out, and in exchange, Emilia started jumping up and down.
And in accordance to her feelings, flowers of ice began blooming in her immediate surroundings, as if to celebrate her own victory.
The man had declared it himself, the condition was to make him move even a step from where he stood, which had been achieved.
That fact was as clear as day to everyone, and unless the man made things harder, it would be accepted.
Subaru: “Well, how about it?”
He felt bad for Emilia, who was celebrating her own victory over the『Trial』, but Subaru did not fully trust the man. From all the exchanges they had, to expect sportsmanship from him was difficult.
To invalidate his loss, declare the last『Trial』as void, and rush them with everything he had, would not be too unlikely.
A single drop of sweat rolled down Subaru’s brows and across his cheeks.
Man: “Ayeー, no helpin’ it.  My word’s my word. This kinda defeat’d make me a laughin’ stock, lecher soul be damned, but I ain’t got a choice.”
Subaru: “Y-you’ll approve …!?”
Man: “You, the hell ya thinkin’ of me. If I ain’t keepin’ my word ‘ere, all of my posin’ cool’s gonna get shot, you. Gonna flip everythin’ I worked on over, you. Ain’t gonna be able to take a step towards women no more, ya see.”
Subaru: “Yeah no, with the way you lost right now, your worth was already at rock bottom….”
Man: “Shut it, small fry! Heck, ya ain’t even a proper fish, ya just a tadpole. Don’t be throwin’ round weight, tadpole. Anyway, that frizzlin’ beauty over there wins. Ya get a pass. That’s the condition. No helpin’ it.”
Scratching his head violently, the 『Stick Swinger』admitted his defeat.
While it had spiraled into a situation where it was hard to tell whether those actions were sportsmanlike or unbecoming, Subaru had no intention of prying further into those matters, not when the announcement had already been made.
Although both Julius and Anastasia lay fallen as victims of battle against the man, they would likely bounce right back up if left to recover in the Green Room.
Despite being the 2nd『Trial』, it seemed to be too small an obstacle but――,
Man: “――Well, who’s gonna be next? The tadpole? Or is it gonna be one of them brats.”
Subaru: “Eh?”
They could advance upward.
Subaru, who had been caught by that thought, became guarded once more at the man’s words. The man slowly stood back up at that response, left shoulder covered by cloth―― He bared it as well to match his right shoulder and turned to them.
―― The air flooded with a burnt stench.
It surged from the man’s unimaginable sword spirit.―― A dramatic change that made everything from before seem like child’s play, Subaru noticed too late.
Man: “There’s ‘round, seven people in this tower… Your girl’s the only one to get past.”
Subaru:  “――――”
Man: “Well, who’s up to get past me next?―― Tell me, you.”
Trial of the 2nd Floor『Electra』of the Great Library Pleiades:
Time Limit『Condition: Unlimited』
Number of Challenge Attempts『Condition: Unlimited』
Challengers『Condition: Unlimited』
――Has cleared: Emilia.
――Yet to clear: Subaru, Beatrice, Julius, Anastasia, Meili, Ram.
――The『Trial』, continues.


Chapter 27
ーーA woman, a sole woman existed.
The woman was a commonplace village girl, one with an ordinary birth and growth. Loved by her parents, loved by her siblings, the woman too loved her family, she was an extremely normal woman.
With a fiancé decided by her household, she shall end her established lifetime in a corner of a poor village, identical to many other village girls. For the woman, that meant life, the paved order of things having no room for doubt.
Such ordinarity of the woman was crushed at the hands of sleazy powerful men who appeared in the village. What made her fit, or was it merely the vice of humans, unknowing of the eventual truth, the woman was coercively desired by the powerful men.
No matter it being a poor village of a small country, there existed a disparity impossible to eliminate with the powerful men. The woman was unable to oppose the demand of the powerful men. She had no choice but to yield to the irrationality of fate.
However, the woman was loved. By her family, by her fiancé, by the people of her village.
Braving the oppression of the powerful men, the people’s rage flared up, giving birth to flames of war before long.
The fire spread, the residents of the village organised into an army, and at last, the powerful men along with the small castle were scorched to the ground.
In naught but a single evening, the woman’s position changed vastly.
A mere ordinary village girl, her fiancé the ringleader of a single group of troops.
The raging of the unremitting blaze, the surrounding ones who regarded that as hazardous turned to their own troops from one to the next.
That proved as being beaten at their own game for those who roused themselves claiming it was all for the sake of the woman.
The fire spread whilst the flames of war coruscated, burning the small country, neighbouring countries, and the great country to nothing before long.
The existence of the woman, who was made to be the origin of it all, was renowned, the people rumoured her to be a beautiful maiden of the heavens.
Illusions piled over illusions, and due to the interest and expectations, the woman’s petite body was about to shatter.
Nobody took notice of that. Neither her family, nor her fiancé, nor the people, no one was looking at the woman.
Cheers when she moved a hand, stampedes when she walked a street, tears of joy when she spoke a word, were all turned towards the woman.
The Woman:「This, is…… strange. Y-You’re, wro…… ng……」
Shrouding her face, she denied. That this wasn’t possible, that this wasn’t supposed to be.
Her self was a mere village girl, neither a beauty of the heavens nor a charming siren, but a single meagre village girl.
Where in her lay such worth.
The people were intoxicated with dreams. Misled by illusions, dancing with ideals.
Before long, without adhering to any curtailments, even the great country was burnt to ash with the woman at its origin.
The ruined great country, the robbed castle, at its summit the fiancé knelt before the woman. And, informed her.
???:「――I love you. This triumph, the smiles of the people, are all things given by you.」
The flaring capital city, heaps of corpses, the people trembling moved with ecstasy. The villagers she lived with too, the family who loved her too, the fiancé who wished for well-being too.
No longer was anyone anywhere.
――Without responding to the fiancé, the woman left. Abandoning her family, the villagers, anything and everything.
She was not supposed to have been bestowed with it. Never had she wished for it. The woman merely lost everything.
Having lost the days she was loved which certainly existed, the woman, alone, proceeded to the burnt fields.
Yet, the dreams, the illusions, the ideals did not let the woman escape.
Wherever she proceeded to, anyone and everyone loved the woman, crushed by the woman, desired the woman, everything was brought to ruin.
Anyone and everyone loved the woman. Like a curse. Whilst unaware of true love inside.
The『Witch of Lust』sought the love she lost, and continued to be loved by the love summoning ruin.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
――The swordsmanship brimming out of him pierced without restraint towards Subaru and the others who had challenged『Electra』.
The man was garbed in a crimson robe with both of his arms outside of his sleeves, and his upper torso lay bare other than the sarashi wrapped around it.
There was a glint of madness in the『Stick Swinger’s』eyes after he’d given them that dire proclamation.
The『Trial』of the Second Floor―― Which in short was making their examiner, the『Stick Swinger』, recognise their qualifications to proceed up to the upper floor. That had already ended up with two people dropping out due to the atypical skill of the man.
Even under these conditions Emilia had somehow managed to snatch away victory thanks to her fighting strength along with her characteristic pluckiness, tenacity and use of numerous weapons. However――,
Subaru:「――Don’t the conditions say that it’s fine if just one person clears it!?」
The Stick Swinger:「Huuuh? Who the hell said that, stop pullin’ stuff out of yer ass, ya prick. Why would it be that if one person can go up, then all the rest of ya can. Use yer common sense, use it! Is the inside of yer head also like that of a small fry, ya prick.」
Subaru:「Y-you’re making this point to the guy who doesn’t wanna be told the most in the world about common sense……!」
Subaru groaned at the perfectly reasonable point which the man had made, who’d now crossed his chopsticks over, one held in each hand, with a clack. 
In actual fact, the one who’d jumped to conclusions about the clear-conditions of the『Trial』had been Subaru himself.
The Trial on the Third Floor had involved solving a puzzle and when it had been solved the structure of the room itself had changed; so it was possible to say that he’d jumped to that conclusion. He’d incorrectly assumed that a new Library would materialise if one of them cleared the『Trial』of the Second Floor.
If his assumption had collapsed and clearing the Trial would require each of their strengths in battle, then it was pretty safe to say that beating this『Trial』would be futile.
The condition which Emilia had managed to achieve―― Namely,『To move the man even one step』, they’d seen now just how hard achieving that was in stark contrast to its seeming simplicity.
Speaking clearly about it, Emilia was currently the strongest amongst everyone who’d come to challenge the Pleiades Watchtower along with Julius―― Though as long as Julius’ contract with his Quasi-Spirits was gone he could objectively say that she was the strongest amongst them.
The man had been extremely negligent in their first bout, and that had ended up allowing Emilia to defeat him.
In summary, they’d pitted their strongest vanguard against their enemy when he was at his weakest.
They had managed to beat him once, but now that it had become a tournament where everyone had to beat him they would have to pit everyone else, who weren’t as good at fighting, against this man who had no more chinks in his armour.
Move the man one step―― Were they really going to be able to achieve a victory like the one Emilia had snatched away from of a combination of good fortune and an attack of that calibre?
Beatrice:「――Wait up, in fact. There’s a key mistake in what you’re saying, I suppose.」
The Stick Swinger:「A mistake?」
Shuddering at the prospect, Subaru tried to look for a glimmer of victory amidst their terrible predicament. Beatrice, who was right beside him, firmly squeezed his hand so to calm him down and spoke out to the man.
The man grew sullen as he heard her words and pointed his uncovered eye towards Beatrice,
The Stick Swinger:「What’rya sayin’ ya twat. Yer’ve come 10 years too early ya twat. No, at least 5 ya twat. Ye can come here after yer legs, arms ‘n body grow ‘n after y’get some tits ‘n ass ya twat.]
Beatrice:「……I never had any intentions of playing along with your crap, but right now you’ve made me part with those intentions completely, in fact. That’s why I’m going to knock this into that thick skull of yours, I suppose.]
The Stick Swinger:「My thick skull…, The hell you mean?]
Beatrice:「It’s already been decided, in fact. ――Emilia told you if you were moved even one step then it’d be our victory, I suppose. In other words, Emilia’s victory was a victory for all of us, in fact!」
Subaru:「――hk!」
Subaru held his breath and instinctively looked over at Emilia.
He’d never expected that she would’ve planned that far ahead during their brash negotiations; he was surprised by the shrewish nature she concealed underneath. From the corner of his eye, Emilia placed her hand against her mouth and said「Oh.」No she wasn’t shrewish. She was pure. She was EMT.
Emilia:「Yeah, now that you mention it, I did say that! I did say “our”! How about it? When you take that into consideration doesn’t that mean that we’ve all passed your『Trial』?」
The Stick Swinger:「That’s an issue of semantics ya twat. It doesn’ mean that at all.」
Emilia:「Oh… I see. Subaru, Beatrice, I’m sorry. He said it’s not going to work…」
Beatrice:「You’re giving up far too quickly!!」
Beatrice yelled out at Emilia, who had dropped her shoulders in a crestfallen fashion and signalled her giving up with a meek look on her face. Although, Subaru too had thought it an unreasonable turn of wit when he stopped to think about it.
And that was because he’d been in so much despair about the height of the wall in front of them that he’d wanted to cling onto the possibility.
The Stick Swinger:「Well, there is some sense to what that runt is sayin’. I also seem to recall it at first bein’ that you can take on as many people as you like so long as you try ‘n get past me. ――Though followin’ the rules is kinda borin’ so I had to drag myself awake.」
Subaru:「When you say you had to drag yourself awake….. You mean that stuff at the beginning was you hacking the system!?」
The Stick Swinger:「I dunno ya prick. Use words I can understand ya prick. We ain’t talkin’ like that person with white hair at a young age, ya prick.」
The man kept flitting back and forth between good and bad moods. As Subaru nodded lazily at the man’s words to show he was paying attention, he managed to deduce something about the system part of the『Trial』―― Something about the man’s true nature.
His deduction came from observing the『Trials』on the Third and Second Floor, and then from observing the stuff which the man, who seemed to be devoid of sanity, said following his appearance and his behaviour after. His inference was drawn from the things that felt out of place from each of those points.
In short, there was a vital discrepancy between the original『Trial』and the『Trial』that was going on now.
Subaru:「In truth it should have been a『Trial』where things would have been fine if everyone worked together to fulfill its condition, but because you “Woke up” it’s now become that we each have to fulfill the condition?」
The Stick Swinger:「Kah! Hell as if I’d know, ya prick. But, I ain’t got a clue which one of ‘em would’ve been easier. No idea which out of killin’ me using all your combined efforts or lettin’ me fondle yer tits ‘n hittin’ me once would’ve been easier…!]
Subaru:「――Don’t you go saying such careless things, you perverted bastard. I’ll shut you right up.]
Subaru reached out for his whip so that he could lash out at him in anger for his callous words. He pulled it out from the back of his waist and cracked it as fast as he could using only his forearm. However, the man easily caught the whip, which should have been travelling nigh at the speed of sound, in between his chopsticks and gave it a shake.
The chances that he would’ve been able to hit him had been low, but his surprise attack had ended up failing so spectacularly――,
The Stick Swinger:「Kah! I didn’t think you were the type to be swingin’ sticks, but really, a whip, ya prick? What kinda taste is that, ya prick. Whip lashes‘re only only good for yer enemies ‘n yer woman.」
Subaru:「It sure as hell looks like you’re my enemy though! Besides, I plan to go up the bases properly when it comes to Emilia, and that leaves me no options for using whips before going through them all!」
Beatrice:「Subaru, Subaru, calm down in fact. I can barely understand what you’re saying, I suppose. And what’s more you’re getting swept up by the enemy’s pace, in fact!」
Emilia「That’s right Subaru! You mustn’t get so upset! He just touched my chest, it’s not like he did anything weird.」
Subaru:「That is something that’s weird Emilia-tan!」
The Stick Swinger:「In general it is somethin’ to get upset at smokin’ hottie」
Both the man and Subaru replied to Emilia, who had been trying to calm them down, at the same time. Emilia widened her eyes at their in-sync-suggestions and Beatrice gave a deep sigh.
???:「――I wo~nder, may I say something really quickly?」
After keeping her silence for so long, someone finally spoke out in a trembling voice over to the four of them who’d been caught up in their exchange, now all looking rather taken aback.
???:「……I don’t like say~ing this but I thi~nk we should turn back.」
The little girl who had spoken out and lifted her tiny hand up had dark blue braided hair―― Meili. She slowly shook her head, still perched on Shaula’s shoulders (who had crumpled down to her knees fainted).
Meili’s olive green eyes were full of unmistakable fear of the man reflected in them who stood further back, but yet she spoke.
Meili:「I don’t know how you can speak so fluidly with that guy Onii-sa~n… Our knightley Onii-san, our scarf-wearing Onee-san and even our naked Onee-san have been hurt by him.」
Subaru:「Out of those Shaula did collapse because of other reasons, but… it’s definitely weird.」
Though Meili’s view was pessimistic, her assessment was natural when taking into account their current fighting strength. Rather, it was Subaru that in trying to remain here and continue their challenge had completely lost his composure. They’d been completely flattened by the『Stick Swinger’s』swordsmanship.
He hadn’t been able to remain objective with how much influence Anastasia and Julius’ collapse and Emilia’s sexual harassment had had on him, however――,
Subaru:「――This is just hypothetically speaking, but if we were to leave and come back again later would you still recognise her victory?」
The Stick Swinger:「――――」
He could even say that his sportsmanship in having recognised Emilia clearing the Trial was unretractable―― But, even though he had shown as much the other parts that came with it weren’t so easy to understand.
Even in carrying out Meili’s reasonable conclusion, if their opponent didn’t accept it then they wouldn’t be able to avoid having to fight. Up until a short while ago their opponent had taken care not to kill them. But now that he was behaving like he’d just shifted up a gear they had no surefire guarantee that their lives wouldn’t be in danger the next time they challenged him.
If it came to that then challenging him would be out of the question. Instead, he would have to use every last inch of his strength to get them out of here.
Without any exaggeration, the『Stick Swinger’s』true strength approached cataclysmic levels.
He’d made short work of Julius with his chopsticks, fought with Emilia and still had plenty of energy left to spare―― His true strength was without exaggeration Reinhardt-grade.
What sort of intention did this tower’s overlord have in placing such a monster here?
It seemed to him like they had no intention of letting it be cleared when taking into account the solution to the『Constellation』themed puzzle of the Third Floor as well.
Subaru:「Well, what’ll it be?」
Shifting his heels as he showed signs of his patience running out he approached the collapsed figures of Julius and Anastasia. Taking notice of what Subaru was doing, Beatrice and Emilia subtly took up their positions as well.
If the『Stick Swinger』bared his fangs, Emilia would once again instantly cast her Icicle Line and they’d have no choice but to pick up the three which had collapsed using Beatrice’s Murak and sprint away. In the worst case, he’d have to consider casting the yet incomplete third trump card with Beatrice as well――,
The Stick Swinger:「――Enough」
Subaru:「Huh?」
The Stick Swinger:「E-N-O-U-G-H! EnoughEnoughEnoughEnoughEnoughEnoughEnough! I ain’t in the mood for this!」
The man abruptly spat that out at them as they’d set their mind and body wholeheartedly onto their escape plan. As they goggled at his childish attitude, the man put his arm back in his left sleeve again and straightened up his Haori back to how it was when he’d first wore it. Then he started to walk away moodily, away from Subaru and the others who remained on their guard―― He grumpily made his way to the Sword of Selection which had been kicked away.
The man stepped on the fallen sword, flicked it up and lazily took hold of it. Then he vigorously thrust its tip down onto the white floor and the sword returned to the same state it had been when the『Trial』had started.
And then――,
The Stick Swinger:「I’m closin’ up shop. Scram ya pricks. I’m tired of this. Hurry the hell up.」
He flumped down on the spot with a thunk and spat those words out, sitting with one knee raised up.
Subaru:「――. W-waitwaitwait! You’re freewheeling far too much, what the hell’s this about!? Are you really going to haphazardly decide the particulars of the『Trial』depending on your mood!?」
The Stick Swinger:「You sure are noisy ya prick. The discretion here has been left to me from the start ya prick. If I say no, then it’s a no.」
Subaru instinctively became speechless at hearing his arrogant manner of speaking. At Subaru’s surprise, the man continued and said「Besides.」
The Stick Swinger:「――When I don’t feel like doin’ something I don’t mess about. So, ya prick, are ya gonna do what I said?」
Subaru:「――――」
Subaru’s whole body was bathed in chills from an intense gust of wind whooshing by.
The man had cast aside all of his weapons and even tucked away his chopsticks in his bosom pocket; and, his lips had curled. It did certainly look like a smile, but it was of a different nature to the one which he’d been showing so far.
Ferocious as it was, it wasn’t a smile that gave off a sunny atmosphere. Rather his smile was like that of a crazed beast exuding a dark, sanguine, gruesome intent to kill.
Emilia:「……ah」
A small groan could be heard.
Not from Subaru, but from Emilia who should have been by his side. She had one of her hands against her pale throat and her jewel-like eyes were widened in surprise.
Her knees fell from beneath her and she sunk down onto the floor. It was as if she had noticed in that moment that she was unable to stand up by herself and forgotten how to breathe――,
Subaru:「Hh――」
And it was the same for Subaru as well, who’d suddenly become “Aware” of his breathing as soon as he saw Emilia’s reaction. Before he could even notice, Subaru had dropped to his knees in pain and his whole body was drenched in sweat.
He was in the same state as Emilia―― No, he was worse off than her; he’d been completely daunted by the man’s presence.
It’s as if he’d started to forget even that his heart was beating, and that he was starting to be killed.
If there’d been no one around him to make him remember about that in the surroundings he would have died from the power in the man’s eyes alone.
The Stick Swinger:「Go rack your brains ‘n see if y’can find a way to win ya prick. The same trick the smokin’ hottie used ain’t gonna cut it. Not even from the sleepin’ hot stuff. Now get out of my sight, I’m going to bed.」
His voice grew low indicating he was not messing about when he said that, and following that, his head dozily jerked down. After a little bit, they could gradually hear the man’s snoring which sounded as deafening as him when awake.
In that sense his loud snoring wasn’t at all contrary to his personality―― However, none of those who were left standing here were able to laugh about it.
Meili:「Let’s turn back from here as quickly as possi~ble」
He wanted to leave this place as quickly as possible.
Making good on Meili’s words who’d insisted they do just that, Subaru and the others slowly grabbed their fallen members and were forced to retreat from the『Trial.』

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
???:「――I see. So that’s the reason why you scurried back looking so glum from the Second 『Trial』」
Subaru:「……As harsh as ever, eh, Nee-sama?」
Ram:「Stop talking like that. Every time you do, the “Master-sama Theory” of the sleeping woman holds more weight to it.」
Subaru:「That’s crazy talk! Mind what you say.」
Ram gave a short sigh as he feebly shrugged his shoulders at her unappealing warning.
They were on the Fourth Floor, in the room adjacent to the Green Room. Subaru and Ram were vis-a-vis with each other, and Emilia, Beatrice and Meili were there too. The number became 6 when you included Shaula, who they’d rolled in here as the final member.
The group had climbed down the long, long staircase and fled from the Second Floor. The first thing they’d done was carry their wounded to the Green Room and entrust them to the Spirit’s treatment.
Their diagnosis on the way was that Julius had simply only fainted, whereas with Anastasia the underlying reason was exhaustion due to having used too much magic; in all, their lives weren’t in danger.
Therefore he’d placed them in bed and moved rooms with Ram so that he could explain the situation to her, that and to get around the room’s people-limit as well. However――,
Ram:「I heard that there was a ridiculous Examiner too, but… It was just Emilia-sama that was acknowledged by him, right?  Was it not possible for just the one person to see the library?」
Subaru:「That’s……」
Emilia:「Oh, I hadn’t thought about that now that you mention it. Right, I may have been able to go up to the First Floor if it was just me…. Should we try asking the『Stick Swinger-san』if I can…?」
Subaru:「…No, let’s not. I don’t want to stir up the hornet’s nest and risk him getting irritated again; and even if he told Emilia-tan that she can go up by herself, that… That would be dangerous.」
Emilia:「I’ll be reaaaally careful you know?」
Subaru:「It’s dangerous.」
Ram:「It is dangerous.」
Beatrice:「It’s dangerous, I suppose.」
Subaru, Ram and Beatrice immediately put a damper on Emilia’s determination. Emilia dejectedly stood down after she heard their concerns, but it wasn’t like Subaru had been stamping out her willingness out of being overprotective.
Right now he didn’t want to aggravate that『Stick Swinger』for no good reason. This he was absolutely sure about.
It’s true that he felt like he wanted to say something to that untrammelled individual, but it would be suicidal to challenge him when he was in a bad mood irregardless of when the『Trial』would recommence.
And the fact was right now they weren’t even seeing the man taking up the sword.
Even if only Emilia had been able to get past that man――,
Subaru:「I’m doubtful about whether The『Trial』of the Second Floor truly is just the one part. He could easily be playing us the foo… No, it may just seem like that to me because Emilia-tan overcame it without much issue but I wonder if that’s truly the end of it; that’s what’s weighing on my mind」
Emilia:「I think you’re thinking too much about it. That individual… Though the things he says may be a little strange and rude sometimes it doesn’t seem like he’d lie. No, it’s because it seems like he’s a person who can’t lie.」
Subaru:「The jury’s split right through the middle here on whether it’s just you having faith in him or good shrewdness being the reason he can’t tell lies…」
Whatever the case may be he had no grounds to brush aside Emilia’s point. If anything he agreed with the assessment she’d given regarding that『Stick Swinger.』
Were he to look at it from a different angle, the reason she’d overcome the『Trial』so readily could also be because Emilia was the strongest out of them. So when it came to Julius right now, the fact that he’d collapsed meant that――,
Subaru:「I hope he’s not depressed as hell about it…」
Emilia:「Are you worried about Julius?」
Subaru:「I’m not entirely sure. You see, when it comes to being worried, I guess I am… But, it’s not as easy as that.」
Julius’ duel head on with the『Stick Swinger』, his subsequent defeat and his beaten figure had been seared into his mind. He probably wasn’t overthinking his anxiety when he looked back on how Julius had looked in his last moments.
His skill with the sword had been nowhere near his opponents, he’d been toyed with like it had been child’s play and finally even his Knightly Sword had been broken――,
Subaru:「There’s another sword in our Dragon Carriage, but that isn’t going to be the issue here I imagine」
Beatrice:「Swords can be reforged. I really don’t get all the fuss, I suppose.」
Subaru:「But Beako, don’t you take good care of the Handkerchief, Mittens and Apron I made you? What I’m saying is that those things are more special, and it’s as if they were torn.」
Beatrice:「…I apologise for saying something so stupid, in fact.」
Beatrice meekly took back her callous remark and Subaru stroked her head, letting out a sigh.
It was hard to imagine how Julius would react when he’d wake up in the Green Room. Even though he didn’t know whether he’d get depressed (unlike his usual self) or whether he’d try act strong like he usually did, Subaru had no clue what he’d say to him when he eventually did; for that reason he was feeling quite downhearted.
And when it came to things to worry about, that didn’t stop only with Julius.
Subaru:「Anastasia… Echidna’s…, That desperation, what on earth was she thinking…」
One doubt that firmly clung to Subaru’s mind was Anastasia, aka Eridna’s decision when she’d butted in Julius’ duel with the『Stick Swinger』and provided him support.
There was no question that in that moment she’d been providing backup for Julius. The reason why she had tried her utmost to help him when he’d been overwhelmed like that was one which everyone, including Subaru, would have been feeling as well.
Nevertheless touching on the matter briefly, that which Echidna had done, considering that she was moving about using Anastasia’s body who’d remained a bystander in all this, went beyond being surprising and more so warranted fright.
Even during their journey and after arriving at the Watchtower Echidna hadn’t forgotten to behave like Anastasia; she’d kept asserting that she’d do her very best to act with due consideration for her body. He’d figured that at least in his eyes that she wouldn’t have turned against that.
What meaning did she have in coming here and all of a sudden behaving like that――?
Beatrice:「That girl’s indisposition is gravely different to a little overuse of magic, I suppose.」
Subaru:「――Then what is it?」
Beatrice was the only one who shared knowledge of the situation regarding Anastasia and Echidna, and she quietly whispered those words into the brooding Subaru’s ear.
When Subaru posed his question, Beatrice continued her words by saying「To put it simply,」
Beatrice:「Bubby, Betty and that Scarf are special among Spirits, in fact. We’re all more powerful than lots of other kinds of Spirits, but we make up for it by having other restrictions instead, I suppose. I needn’t have to explain it to you now, in fact.」
Subaru:「Mhm. Since you want me all to yourself by me signing a contract with you I cannot sign a contract with other spirits. You can rest assured that I’m yours, Beako.」
Beatrice:「It’s, It’s nothing as cheerful as that, I suppose. This is more about that Scarf-Spirit, in fact. It’s true that she’s borrowing that girl’s body… But, I realised something as we made our way here, I suppose. That girl has no magic to her which she can use other than her Od, in fact.」
Subaru:「None other than her… Od?」
Beatrice:「She’s the same as you, there’s a defect in her Gate, I suppose. Its valve is broken and its ability of drawing in Mana from the outside is kaput, in fact. So she can’t use magic unless she whittles down her own life, I suppose.」
Subaru:「Then that means……」
It can be fatal, Subaru gulped at that realisation.
Subaru was in shock of the problems which Anastasia’s body bore. They would be severe handicaps in a world like this. He recalled the words which Anastasia a.k.a Eridna had said before, “My trump card whittles at my body.” She’d meant those words literally. And now that this fact had become clear, Subaru had ended up becoming more and more bewildered.
If in fact Echidna’s misuse of Anastasia’s body had been for nothing other than to shorten her host’s life, then――,
Subaru:「Why did she always try to help Julius?」
It didn’t look like this was something she’d done out of some intricate plan. Undoubtedly taking this risk from worry of Julius’ condition must have been behind that act of desperation.
Was Echidna attracted to Julius? Was that one of the powers of his『Divine Protection of Gathering Spirits』as well?
Ram:「――I’m worried about Anastasia-sama and the Knight Julius as well, but we have other issues that we need to deal with, don’t we?」
Subaru:「I guess you mean that『Stick Swinger』」
Ram:「That’s right. It may seem cold hearted, but for me what we’ll do about the『Trial』is more important. ――If we can’t get past it then we aren’t going to find a way to get Rem back.」
Ram interrupted Subaru’s thoughts and, in a sense, voiced quite a cold hearted opinion.
Just as she’d acknowledged, her words were a little lacking in consideration. But, Subaru wasn’t going to blame her for that.
Ram:「――――」
He couldn’t see it, but he could feel a tinge of irritation concealed behind Ram’s stiff expression. That was because she was frustrated that she had the possibility of getting back her lost little sister and she was now an arm’s reach away but yet still so far; Subaru could sympathise with that.
Emilia:「He dressed casually, had an eyepatch, red hair, blue eyes… He had an awfully self-assertive, violent physique though.」
Subaru:「Did anyone familiar come to your mind? If you don’t see the real thing you probably won’t be able to imagine him, but he’s with no exaggeration strong as a monster. Maybe around Reinhardt-grade.」
Ram:「A real nightmare, huh.」
Emilia:「Though what Subaru’s saying is no lie. I’ve never seen Reinhardt’s true strength… But, well, I think he was as strong as that.」
Emilia followed up Ram’s words, detailing her thoughts having actually fought the man.
There was no benefit in telling lies here. From her judgement, Ram wearily placed her hand against her forehead, and said,
Ram:「If we put confidence in Barusu and Emilia-sama’s words then our enemy is of the same caliber as the Knight Reinhardt… If as said they truly are equal to the world’s strongest man, then there’s one that’s at least close to his level in every part of the world.」
Subaru:「So essentially Reinhardt is the strongest in the Kingdom and each of the other three countries have their own strongest.」
Ram:「In the Vollachian Empire there’s the First General, the『Blue Lightning』Cecilus Segmunt; in the Holy Kingdom of Gusteko there’s the『Crazed Prince』; and in the Kararagi City States there’s the『Admirer』Halibel. But each have different traits to them.」
Subaru:「None of them have long red hair?」
Ram:「I’m not sure because we only don’t know what the Holy Kingdom of Gusteko’s『Crazed Prince』looks like」
Subaru:「Prince, a prince huh…? I guess he didn’t give off that kind of feeling?」
But then, he wasn’t so sure if he was a complete mismatch with that individual when he took into account the『Crazed』part. Although he had quite handsome features he couldn’t say he had any royal elegance to him.
It was the sort of beauty you’d find in the plains, the kind you’d find in the wilderness so it was a work of art of the kind that was permitted.
Subaru:「And to add to that, he’s a master of martial arts whose name isn’t known in the world…」
Beatrice:「The clothes he was wearing were the Kararagian native dress, in fact. He was using chopsticks too, I suppose.」
Subaru:「Oh boy was he using them, though way too differently to the way they’re supposed to be used…」
Besides, no matter how much Subaru strained himself, he was unlikely to find a connection between “A master of martial arts who was unknown to the world” and that man.
The man was a bit older than Subaru―― Most likely in his mid-twenties. However he felt that something was not quite right in regards to there being such a skilled man of that age with such a twisted nature ending up being unknown, and that feeling took precedence.
Moreover.
There was still a doubt troubling him regarding whether the man who’d been placed there by this Pleiades Watchtower’s strange mechanism was really just some randomer――,
Meili:「Ah, Onii-san, can I butt in for a se~c?」
Subaru:「Hm?」
Meili:「Doesn’t it look like naked Onee-san’s about to wake u~p?」
Meili, who’d been busy giving Shaula a lap-pillow, raised her hand up from a corner of the room. And just as she’d said, Shaula, with her head still resting against Meili’s lap, captivatingly stretched out her body and started to groan,「Ummph, auuun.」
Then she slowly opened her eyes as everyone else looked on at her――,
Shaula:「Maaaster… Don’t leave me alone please… I don’t wanna be alone anymore…」
Subaru:「Stop acting so miserable from the get go! You were up all along weren’t you!」
Shaula:「Jeez. In a strange way I thought you might show your affection Master, but it turns out you’re meeeean as always. Butbut, I loooove that part of you too.」
Subaru:「Looks like I was worried for nothing…」
Shaula lifted her long legs up, swung them down and nimbly got up. She shook her so-called Scorpion Tail about and looked around the room; then she cocked her head and said「Oh?」
Shaula:「Huh? Why are we here? If I’m not mistaken we got through the『Trial』with one of Master’s dramatic flashes and made it up…」
Subaru:「Oy this isn’t a dream. This is reality.」
Shaula:「You were hugging meeeee Master and you started to laugh, telling me to not let go again…」
Subaru:「That was a dream! You fainted straight after the second『Trial』started!」
Subaru shouted that at Shaula as she recited the contents of her horrifying dream. Then he tried to remind her about what had happened just before she’d fainted. However Shaula snorted her nose and said「Fainted~?」as if she was playing dumb,
Shaula:「Meee, faint? There’s no way I’d do something so shameful. Even after I reunited with you Master after so many centuries I didn’t end up fainting ya know? Meee, fainting, you’re gonna reduce me to tears sayin’ something so absurd!」
Emilia:「Um, I get that you’re tempted to doubt this, but you really did faint. Subaru and Meili were reaaally worried about you. Believe you me.」
Shaula:「Huuuh! Master worried about me!? Dhehehe, I believe you.」
Subaru:「That was easy…」
Meili:「Me being tacked on like an extra, now that’s a li~ttle unexpected.」
Both Subaru and Meili looked troubled as they witnessed Shaula fawningly express her opinion as she slackened her expression. Nevertheless, after she acknowledged the reality of the present, Shaula cocked her head the other way and said「Huuuh?」
Shaula:「But what caused me to faint? It ain’t usual for meee to collapse. In those kinds of situations it wouldn’t be strange if everyone ended up dead other than Master…」
Ram:「I get that you’re pinning too much hope on Barusu… Sorry, on your Master, but that’s what I’ve heard really happened. Take your time and think back to earlier… Picture the long, long staircase in front of your eyes」
Emilia:「The long, long staircase…」
Was Ram trying to get her to follow her memories and recall what had happened? She spoke in a hushed voice as if she was hypnotising her. There should have been a hitch in Ram’s plan in that she hadn’t witnessed that scene but she slowly unravelled Shaula’s locked memories as if she’d been there to see it.
Ram:「You’re greeted by a white room with a steel sword thrust down into the floor. The moment someone lays their hands on it a strange voice echoes in everyone’s minds who’s there――」
Emilia:「My heart’s pounding……」
Both Shaula and Emilia were reliving the experience thanks to Ram’s emotional recitation. Setting Shaula aside, Emilia ought to know about what had happened in detail; but Subaru didn’t interject in fear that he’d break the mould of the conversation.
Finally, her recitation approached Shaula’s sealed memories――,
Ram:「Right then, the silhouette of a person materialises at the back of the room. A man with red, long hair, blue eyes and dressed in exotic garb…」
Shaula:「AAAAAAAAAH!!」
Shaula jumped back and let out a shriek the moment Ram reached that crucial scene. She turned to face Subaru, preparing to jump towards him; however he’d anticipated it. He bent his knees and caught her. This time he didn’t fall.
Instead he was pressed against Shaula’s soft skin as if he were in a vice.
Subaru:「OWOWOWOW! I, I guess you remembered! You remembered right!?」
Shaula:「W-w-w-why is that guy here!? In spite of all of you telling me he was dead! He survived! I knew he was a guy who’s nigh unkillable!」
Subaru:「Huuuh!? What are you sayi…」
As his eyes teared up in pain, Subaru tried to ask Shaula what she was talking about―― And then, it dawned on him.
He realised what Shaula’s words meant.
The person in question that corresponded to what she’d said since they’d come to the tower was only one.
And that person was――,
Shaula:「The『Stick Swinger』! The『Stick Swinger』Reid! That savage! That demon! He’s come back to life to fondle my chest againーーー!」

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
――Reid Astrea.
That was the name of the swordsman who’d gone down in legend. A great swordsman who was said to have killed Witchbeasts, master swordsmen, dragons and finally even Witches.
He was the first person to have received the name『Sword Saint』and was also one of the Three Great Heroes who saved the world.
He’d kickstarted the glory of the Astrea family, lineage of the『Sword Saint』which Reinhardt van Astrea was a part of; even now he was the highest aspiration of those who lived by the sword――.
The situation was hard to believe. His name was the name of a life that should have perished 400 years ago. He probably would have laughed at the possibility existing if this place hadn’t existed for centuries with a tower that had been built by those connected to the Witch.
Nevertheless, there was a living witness who knew about 400 hundred years ago here.
Nevertheless, they were in a tower that the『Sage』who’d lived 400 years ago had built here.
When he took into consideration his poor character, didn’t he seem to be saying something like “I’ve placed the First Generation『Sword Saint』as『The Strongest Guard』here, now surpass him.”――.
Subaru and the others hurriedly went back to the Green Room with the facts they’d gathered.
They would have to come up with a game plan now that they knew that their enemy was Reid Astrea. Luckily he’d heard that that particular『Sword Saint』had been a man who wasn’t lacking in anecdotes.
And luckily they had a talented person in their group who was well read on the greats of bygone days.
Of course he would imagine that the aftereffects of his defeat lingered within him. But once he found out about his opponent’s identity the shame he probably harboured should vanish too. After all their opponent was to blame for this.
At any rate, their enemy was the『Sword Saint』―― A man who held the same family name as Reinhardt and became its founder, building the name up.
When you think of it like that, he should be able to easily digest even his defeat to him――,
Subaru:「――That dumbass」
Subaru had made his way back to the Green Room harbouring those words of comfort. But when he got there he spoke those words out in a hushed tone.
There were beds of grass at the back of the room which the Spirit had laid out for the wounded―― There were four of them in total, and laying in them were Rem, Anastasia and Patrasche in the backmost one.
Only one of those beds were empty, the one between Patrasche and Anastasia.
And on top of that ivy-woven bed, lay merely his broken Knightly Sword.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
――The man slowly opened his eyes to the sound of footsteps clambering up the stairs and the aura of a man readying himself to fight piercing through his skin.
He felt no anger at having his sleep interrupted. After all, life was a constant battle.
When you come to the resolution that your flesh and blood is always walking the tightrope between life and death, you end up living without any turmoil in your heart no matter what transpires.
???:「――――」
Gradually the figure of the man who was climbing up the stairs came into view. He could remember that man’s swordsmanship. He could even remember that man’s footsteps and his footwork. It had only been a short while ago. There was no way he could forget.
Only, that should have been the same for his opponent too, so he thought it was strange.
He’d thought that his opponent was a little smarter than this, nevertheless――,
???:「――――」
The Man:「Kah!」
He lost that impression as soon as he looked at his opponent’s eyes. An impulse had surged through him that had led him to scoff instead.
He sumptuously let it echo on top of his tongue and then briskly scratched his red hair.
The Man:「I ain’t gonna be jus’ playin’ about this time ya prick」
???:「――――」
He didn’t think there’d be any meaning to saying that but he cast his words out of courtesy, just in case. When his opponent received them, he closed his eyes for a moment and instantly threw away all of this emotion.
Then, his opponent stretched out his hand without any hesitation―― And pulled out the sword that had been thrust down into the floor and held it out in front of him.
Julius:「Knight of the Royal Order of the Kingdom of Lugnica―― Julius Euculius.」
The Man:「――――」
After he gave his name, the Knight broke into a fierce run as a result of his own eyes narrowing. The man―― Reid Astrea bent his lips into a twisted smile.
Reid:「You couldn’ even hope to be my playmate s’long ‘s you keep usin’ that borin’ title.」

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※


Chapter 28
――I am afraid, that no one would believe it.
『My name is Natsuki Subaru！Servant of the Roswaal Manor―― and Royal Election Candidate Emilia-sama’s Best Knight!』
At that moment, almost everyone in the Royal Hall turned their heads towards the self-proclaimed knight.
The one speaking, unable to hide his tendency to get swept up by the flow and by his somewhat fickle emotions, had stated thus―― And upon hearing it, there had been a single person, a single man who had been deeply moved.

  ※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
  Picking up the Sword of Selection from the ground, he felt it fit so perfectly in the palm of his hand, very much so that the urge to break into tears arose within him for some reason. It was almost as if he truly were under the delusion that the sword had selected him in particular.
Even though, in this instant, there was absolutely no reason for him to be feeling so proud in such a manner, within his own self.
Julius:「Sh――hk！」
Compared to his broken beloved sword, his new blade felt a smidgeon thicker, the tip heavier. However, if he based himself on that and swung the blade, he would be able to more or less get used to the differences immediately.
Not all battles could be handled with only the usage of a weapon one was accustomed to. It was a source of pride for him, that he had trained himself to imagine all possible situations, and that he was able to do battle with any sword at hand.
Reid:「Really boring, haa, you」
His sharp thrust was carried by said pride, and it was aimed right between the yawning man’s brows. However, the man just tilted his head, the tip of the blade merely coming close to its target. As soon as the red haired man noticed a few hairs having been severed, he jumped back.
He pressed his weight hard against the ground and jumped back, thanks to his heels remaining hot due to the footwork.
He formed some distance between the two of them.
In a battle, evaluating the sword skills of your opponent is not the only essential thing. Neither is it about just the sword in the hands. The rhythm of the feet and the pace of the legs are also extremely crucial.
Of course, the swordplay matters as well. To get the optimum position, to get the fastest pace, in order to maximize your potential, you musn’t just use your hands and legs; instead you have to use every part of your body.
Therefore, it’s imperative that beginners in the art of swordplay learn proper footwork first.
Truly, he believed he was fortunate to be blessed with a great teacher. Although that teacher’s skills were now below his current skills, this was due to age, a factor that no one was able to circumvent.
Nevertheless, there was no doubt that he was quite a skillful person in teaching things to his students even beyond their own strength.
It wasn’t just putting practice into his sword art, but also where those arts had come from, and in what form they had been passed down. He was a well-liked person who spoke about such things.
Naturally, he too enjoyed listening to tales of others about it, and he deemed it an honor to be able to practice it.
Julius:「――――」
Catching up towards him with a leap, he aimed his sword down to where he was about to land.
Up, down, left, right. Three of those directions were guarded, and the one with the highest probability to deliver the killing blow was from below.
Reid:「You, this again?!」
Julius’ sword, which swung towards the man’s chest from below, was parried with ease by the man’s stick.  The stick was unbelievably sturdy, and easily deflected his sword.
The sword swing took less than a second; even if he saw it coming, to be able to do that meant he was exceedingly skilled and had fine-grained control over his power to the extent that he could even thread a needle with ease.
Julius:「――」
Julius gasped in surprise as his heavy swing brought his sword over his head.  It created a small opening as he stumbled slightly and broke posture. he thought to use a blade of wind, but right now he didn’t have that choice.
The magic which he could use as a diversion, did not release.
Instead, he just created a gap between them.
Julius:「Kaaagh！」
He ate a front kick to his side, and the barefoot’s nails dug into the gaps between his organs inside his body. In the moment where he felt that his body couldn’t take any more pressure and would break, the foot that had been stuck inside him twisted, causing him excruciating pain from inside.
He was blown away.  In an instant, he went flying from the impact, seemingly defying inertia.
However, even that wasn’t enough to absorb the force of that kick.  As his surroundings spun, the impact he received on his body reverberated to his head and made him want to vomit.  Even so, he kept his eyes on his opponent and slammed his feet on the ground as he landed, maintaining his posture.
His breathing was rough.
It would take him some time to recover and catch his breath.
Julius emptied out the contents of his body, and after having done so, he forcibly reminded his body to breath slowly to calm his ragged breath.
Reid:「――――」
He spat, and spat it all out.
After that, he would continue the battle, because he had to continue this fight.
Julius:「――――」
About ten meters in front of him, he saw the red-haired man standing with a smile plastered on his smug face.
Again, he dashed forward, towards the grinning man. The edges of the wooden chopsticks and the steel blade collided, everything to peel that calm smile off his face. From there, the real battle――,
Reid:「So pretentious. You, there are truths and lies in a battle. Are ya really readin’ it out of a picture book?!」
Julius:「――Ah…」
The distance between him and the man shrunk in the blink of an eye. The man’s incredible speed left him stunned.
To be precise, it all actually happened in the blink of an eye. The man closed the distance of ten meters in a mere moment. A simple stick appeared in front of his eyes. In order to protect himself, he immediately raised his blade, though while making that important action, he left the rest of his body unguarded. This resulted in the man delivering two blows against him with his sticks, one in the side of his head and one to the chest.
A piercing shock hit him. The sharpness of that blow would make his consciousness fade faster than the actual pain. He clenched his teeth and stomped the ground vigorously, so he could desperately scrape back together his own fading consciousness.
Julius:「Oh… Agh！」
The scream he uttered left him hoarse, and he swung his sword down in a crescent-form arc towards the man. The man jumped up, as if he was avoiding the graceful dance until death and struck his side with his elbow.
His consciousness was shaken again. He was shaken off his feet, and his fighting spirit was curbed by the pain that gradually spread out in his soles.
The simultaneous chants of fire and water, and the three way attack of the sword――all missed their mark.
Unrelated to the fire and water, this was only an artistic mistake which he had repeatedly made when he was training to become the『Greatest Knight』. If his opponent was to be a normal one, this surely would have had sufficient to bring him down.
Reid:「Bang!」
The highest peak of a Knight’s sword art, it was easily blown away by the chopsticks in the hands of the man.
The sticks struck his knee, and stabbed his stomach, making him vomit up gastric juice; it was quite the unpleasant sight. His body was about to collapse, as it has been continuously struck down by the stick from all directions.
Reid:「O…Oh？」
He fell down instead of forward, and kept his body up by quickly extending out his arm. Taking advantage of this moment, he swung to the rear with astonishing momentum. The man left out a sound out because he did not expect it, and jumped back.
He continued to move backwards, and opened up a greater distance between the two of them. Blood started to pour out of his nose.. Hewiped his bleeding nose with his white sleeve. His uniform was stained by bright, crimson red paint.
He did not care. He let out a sharp breath and put his whole spirit into the blade in his hand..
To reach it, is to keep going for it.
To be strong, is to stay strong.
Reid:「Yer fucking pathetic, you. Can you even lift ya sword? You. I haven’t lifted my sword for anything other than three months straight, you. I’ve cut light down, what the fuck have you cut down?」
Julius:「You, right here, right now――」
Reid:「You, the fuck does that mean!? The fuck can you do to me? You can’t do shit. No swinging at it ‘till you reach it. Don’t swing at it ‘till you reach it. ’till you can, no swinging. Don’t swing ‘till you can. Stop talking ‘bout all the shit ya wanna do when you can’t even do ‘em, you.」
Instead of a refutation, he utterly destroyed the sword’s blow with immense, immense strength.
As a response to this action, the man struck ten more blows down onto him.
Julius:「――――」
His consciousness was swaying, but he was not falling. Why wasn’t he falling?
It’s because――
Reid:「You lackin’. You ain’t enough. This ain’t a place for you to be comin’ to. Yer outta yer element. You ain’t the one for the job. You weren’t invited.」
He just has to be strong. He just has to prove it with his sword.
A name, a house, a family, a master, a companion, a friend, spirits bound to his soul, he lost all of it.
The only thing that is left for him is this. All that he has left, is himself.
What he himself accumulated, shapeless, that’s all that remained.
This was the only proof of his sole, own being.
Reid:「Disgusting, you. Are you tryna put up a front? you? Are ya satisfied just bein’ a cheap imitation of others, you? You and your sword are both fuckin’ boring.」
There was a time that he aimed for the peak of swordsmanship.
He wondered if he could aim for that place, it was something that was stuck on his mind.
Soon, he realized that the bar was too high, and gave up.
When he saw him, that man with hair of crimson, the boy gripping a sword in his hand, he discovered he carried something so selflessly grand as to inspire admiration.
Reid:「Ain’t nobody looking at you. Ain’t nobody got expectations on you. Yer naive if you thinkin’ I’m playin ‘round. yer punches ‘n kicks are easy, you.」
He too had once yearned for it, for his life to be filled with tales of grandeur.
To stand shoulder to shoulder with those people, was not to be for his current lacking self.
That is the reason why he must risk his life. So desperately, wretchedly, that dream which he had then cast aside, he remembered.
Julius:「――――」
His blue eye, not covered by the eyepatch, along with his disheveled long hair of flame, overlapped with the youth who had been the impetus behind him desisting of his dream once before, as well as with one of his many aspirations he held thereafter.
Diligently endeavoring in the hopes of one day reaching it, that was how he believed his life to have been spent.
Reid:「Ain’t enough , you. You ain’t enough at all――Have you been skippin’ life day?」
His yearning towards that what he craved for, was knocked out from him by the beating of the stick.
He couldn’t do it by swinging his sword; it was impossible to hit the one facing him with a sword. The efforts to keep fighting were meaningless. The blood and sweat that were shed were worthless. In the life of his, the life that was collapsing… There was one thing. But even that one thing he believed in―― was trampled down.
「――――」
Slowly, something was welling withinside him.
That thing, it completely eliminated that what was emerging from his heart.
Reid:「Gggrr! Can ya bear this? You, I’m getting more and more bored.」
Along with a click of his lips, a light gushed out and pierced through his limbs. He collapsed like a marionette who had its strings cut. However, violence did not allow that.
The wooden sticks struck into his chest, resulting in the oxygen in his lungs being drained to the verge of asphyxiation. Then, he was grabbed by his hair and swung around like a ragdoll. He was slammed to the ground, and the moment that he bounced back up, he received a kick to the face and was blown away.
In this matter he slid across the ground as if he were a Frisbee, spinning endlessly in this white world with no boundaries
He was knocked to the ground.
His body jumped up and looked at the direction where he received the kick from. But then, the man, who suddenly dashed like a gale towards him, hit him in the face with his knee. In the moment of the impact, the knee clashed against his forehead, and as his forehead split; he was flicked away.
A gap between them was formed.
Reorganizing his posture―― that’s what he should have done, but, his body did not stir.
Julius:「Fh…Khhh…」
His whole body was screaming like a siren, especially as the damage to his head was very serious. Even the consciousness inside his own skull was in a state of fluctuation. He was afraid that if he would relax, if only for a little, he would lose his consciousness that very next moment.
The sword… Where was the sword? As if to ascertain it, he made his own strength flow into his own right hand and tried to slowly touch it.
There, there was indeed the touch of the hilt. He felt relief.
He couldn’t let go. It’s only this. He doesn’t know what there is left to lose if he even loses the sword.
――In other words, what was in his hand was something else in the shape of a sword『Sword』just now.
Julius:「――――」
He did not make any mistakes in his own state of life. He always believed that it was him being on his own path.
He was so convinced, even now.
Even now, to be able to change this, he had supposed would be impossible in his life.
Henceforth, the problem here was not finding a solution for all the things that had slipped out of his hands and disappeared.
――Or… Was it simply a mistake?
He lost his own way, he walked down the wrong path… all because he misunderstood what he believed in?
His name, his house, his family, his master, a companion, a friend, spirits bound to his soul, he lost all of them.
What if, what was only left with him now, was just a make-believe, incapable of offering any actual help, incapable of relying upon, incapable of any support.
――He would maintain his strength; that’s what he swore to his Master.
――He would remember his strength; that’s what his last remaining friend told him.
In a world where everything is lost, there’s only『Strength』which would assist him.
Although, this『Strength』was the only thing his frail and fragile self was『Certain』 wouldn’t disappear.
Reid:「――You! The hesitation is finally gone from yer sword!」
Julius:「――！？」
How much time was wasted by asking himself how to answer that question? Probably not even a second. However, for a man― for a『Sword Saint』, such gap in the moment is like having the chance of killing the enemy.
He was desperate to raise his sword, to defend himself against this rapid, impending attack. A very sharp, shrill noise rang out. The only way of knowing that the sword’s steel edge crashed upon the floor, was by actually seeing it happen.
Finally, he was parted from even the sword that slipped out from his own hands.
  Losing my name, losing my reputation… Now that I even lost the sword, is there any reason for me to still stand here?
  Reid:「Ya lack the qualifications to reach the Heavenly Sword. ――Ya prick, ya wouldn’t even be fit to be my follower」
The parched voice coldly announced that, and the『Sword Saint』held his sticks out forward, bending his knees down.
――For the first time, the『Sword Saint』put out an attacking posture.
Then, the stick was raised, and a strike―― There was no way for it to be mistaken, it was a Sword Attack.
He released an absolute sword strike, and he was wrapped in the powerful shockwave of the strike, and blown away.
Julius:「――――」
Whether it was punching or kicking, this blow was completely different from all the attacks so far. This wasn’t an attack. This was the zenith of the sword, the highest peak the sword can reach, the true『Power』capable of a sword.
Engulfed by the light, his consciousness was blown away. Did he see death? Did he see something that surpassed death? He didn’t understand it at all.
However, at the moment of being blown away, he heard a faint voice.
  ???:「Julius――！！」
  A voice was screaming, it was full of melancholy. Desperately, the voice had dashed up the long staircase, as if just to witness this decisive moment alone. Since there was a voice calling for him, a very untimely smile was formed on his face.
The『Greatest Knight』from the Dragon Kingdom of Lugunica. A Royal Guard of the Kingdom’s Knights. The eldest son and the heir of the Euculius family. The Knight of the Royal Election Candidate, Anastasia Hoshin.
――Julius Euculius.
Julius:「Awgh…」
  I wonder, am I even worthy of being called by that name anymore?
  Finally, with such doubts on his mind, Julius’ consciousness, interrupted with a swoosh, was thus swallowed by the light.


Chapter 29
――He’d ran up the long, long staircase to reach him, but by the time he did it was already too late.
???:「――――」
He’d forced out a shout despite his heavy panting, overworking his already strained lungs.
But neither his voice or his words held the power to change the situation. The lack of power words held here was growing into more of an issue, especially now where the two of them were pitting techniques of the sword against each other.
Though he didn’t even know if he could call it something like “Pitting techniques of the sword against each other”.
Because things had been so one-sided, and no matter how much he embellished it, the weapons that one of them wielded were naught but sticks.
――The white light spread out, dying the already white room in a more brilliant white.
What was causing it wasn’t clear. Regardless of whether it was something sired from the nature of this aberration of a Swordsman or down to it being a swing which he’d boasted could even cut light, the blow brought a shockwave along with it that swept across the room.
The individual caught in the attack’s line of fire was engulfed by the light as well and blown away without being able to do anything about it.
Then literally in the blink of an eye, the light vanished and the tall figure of the one-sleeved red-haired man filled the room―― Along with the figure of the purple haired Swordsman who’d collapsed like a corpse.
  ???:「Hey, aren’t ya that small fry, ya prick.」
The red-haired man called out casually to Subaru who was at a loss for words at what he’d just witnessed. Without missing a beat, the man smiled at him like a shark as if he’d forgotten all about the duel he’d just been having.
Then he pointed at the fallen Swordsman―― At Julius.
???:「Yer too late ya prick. I’ve already cleaned up here, ‘n I’m gettin’ the whiff that you’re gonna be a pain in the ass, so hurry ‘n pick him up ‘n get yer ass out of here.」
Subaru:「…Reid Astrea」
Reid:「The hell, ya prick. Don’t go stickin’ your nose into people’s names ya prick. Don’t rain on my parade, it’s way cooler to not give out names ya prick.」
The『Stick Swinger』――i.e. Reid’s mood had taken a turn for the worse when he’d been called by his name.
Though Subaru felt annoyed at how completely beside the point his remarks were, he didn’t dare take any rash actions. He instead slowly moved his gaze away from Reid towards the still collapsed Julius.
Reid:「I ain’t gonna grab ya and gobble ya up ya know, ya prick. Ya don’ have to keep starin’ at me.」
Subaru:「I’m sorry but it’s common sense where I’m from to not look away when you’ve ran into a bear. As for Julius…」
With his gaze still set on Reid and his guard up, Subaru leaned down and made sure that Julius was still breathing. He’d lost consciousness but he could feel him breathing on his palm when he’d placed it just above his mouth.
It looked like he was still alive despite taking that sword slash full-on. Subaru was relieved by that.
Subaru:「Isn’t this pretty kind of you, considering you’d said that the next time you wouldn’t be going easy on us.」
Reid:「Not really. Bein’ defeated by chopsticks ‘n scurryin’ back home is lamer than being killed by ‘em, don’cha think? That’s what I think. I’d rather die than show my miserable self to anyone. So I defeat ‘em with my chopsticks ‘n let ‘em scurry back home.」
Subaru:「Let me take back what I said about you being kind, fucking asshole.」
Reid:「Kah! Y’never make any sort of impression, no matter what it is ya say small fry. Besides, I have no intention to test y’all anymore today. Though, I’ll beat ya up if ya wanna try me. Like that guy below ya.」
Reid scratched his abs with his right hand and pointed at Subaru and Julius respectively with the chopsticks in his left.
Regardless of how angry he was at Reid’s attitude right now, Subaru didn’t have any way of making him take back his rudeness.
Subaru:「Damn this.」
Reid:「Oh, ohh, go on. Don’t just stay silent while carrying your comrade, go ahead ‘n behave like a sore loser. That’s the smart ‘n easy thing to do if it makes ya feel any better. As bad as it is though.」
Reid narrowed his cold blue eyes and spat that out as he sat himself down with a thunk. Meanwhile, Subaru somehow managed to hoist the collapsed Julius up whilst being subjected to the victor’s delight.
Subaru was forced to carry Julius on his back just like he’d had to an hour ago. His unconscious body was quite heavy, not to mention he was taller than him. It was a complete mess but in times of difficulty you have to make some sacrifices.
Because leaving Julius behind here by himself wasn’t an option.
Reid:「――Next time, bring one of those good lookin’ women along, ya prick. Like that smokin’ hottie even for example.」
Without mentioning any of their names even once, Reid waved them goodbye.
Faced with Reid’s flippant attitude, Subaru could literally do nothing more than just retreat from here wordlessly.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
Subaru:「……*pant*, *pant*」
One foot after the other, step by step, Subaru went down the staircase whilst taking care of where he was placing his feet.
Though the staircase was fairly wide he still felt quite claustrophobic with being surrounded by the stone walls. This was the second time he’d gone up and down this particular staircase, but he still had no clues which would help him shed light on the unnaturality of the staircase’s structure in regards to why it didn’t shoot out of the tower despite them being straight.
Subaru:「Why did you even consider doing such a stupid thing… I’m at my breaking point here…」
It went without saying just how tough it was to carry him on his back down the long staircase.
Especially since there were 444 steps to this long staircase (by Emilia’s count). It’s not like Subaru held any animosity towards Emilia for telling him that, but in times like these where the actual number of stairs kept popping into his head, he did feel an urge of wanting to pinch her cheeks and tell her off.
Of course Emilia would definitely look cute if he tried to pinch her cheeks――,
Subaru:「Both Emilia and Beako are gonna be worried… if I don’t hurry up and get him back」
They had noticed Julius’ absence in the Green Room and they’d all ended up going around the Watchtower to look for him. They’d gone to the Third Floor as well as the rooms on the Fourth Floor whilst they’d made Shaula go downstairs to check on Gyan and the Dragon Carriage on the Ground Floor.
Everyone was worried about Julius. Worried about what he was feeling in his heart due to his defeat to Reid and having vanished leaving behind his broken Knight Sword,
For sure, they were all the types to worry themselves sick with that anxiety weighing on them.
Subaru:「But, you know…」
――Nevertheless, only Subaru differed from them. Only Subaru was able to immediately understand what lay in his heart.
Where had Julius gone without his Knight Sword, and for what purpose?
Only Subaru had known the answers to those questions for sure――,
Julius:「――Everything’s shaking about.」
Subaru:「――tch! Did you just notice!?」
Subaru stopped mid-step when he heard the voice coming from his back. Julius, who was being carried by him on his shoulders, stirred at his voice and said「Aah」
Julius:「Where are we……」
Subaru:「Vaguely speaking, we’re halfway down some stairs, a bit more precisely speaking, we’re halfway down a long staircase, and even more precisely we’re halfway fleeing down the staircase between the Second and Fourth Floors.」
Julius:「You’re being pretty vague about it, aren’t you… You’re carrying me on your back?」
Subaru:「Yes I am. And let me just say that this is the second time this has happened in this short period of time. I’m having to do this again 30 minutes after I’d thought I’d never like to do this again; do you get how I am feeling about this?」
Julius:「It’s no wonder that the ride’s been a bumpy one……」
Subaru:「Do you want me to throw you off?」
Subaru could sense Julius’ wheezed laughter coming from his back. He ignored the sarcasm in his words and untensed himself a little.
In all honesty Subaru hadn’t gandered any predictions at what Julius’ first words would have been when he woke up. He wouldn’t be exaggerating if he said that he’d even been fearing what he would say, truthfully speaking.
That’s why Subaru had been relieved that the sort of conversation he’d gleaned from Julius’ first couple of words after he’d woken up hadn’t been the despair-filled sort.
Subaru:「Do you remember what happened?」
Julius:「…Sad as it is, I do. I was easily defeated by our enemy, and in the end I was still shown sympathy, causing trouble for you, Anastasia-sama and everyone else.」
Subaru:「…I ain’t some kind of demon who’d blame you for losing against an opponent like that.」
Julius sounded awfully like himself, and for that Subaru let out a sigh and started going down the staircase once more.
Having regained his consciousness, Julius was much easier to carry than before. He’d also cleared up some of his anxieties which had been ladenening his step, so thanks to that he could tackle the remaining steps with renewed vigour.
Julius:「…Anastasia-sama is out of harm’s way, right? I saw that she’d collapsed and now that she’s being treated in that Spirit’s room.」
Subaru:「The present diagnosis on her is that her life isn’t in danger. You on the other hand were pretty close to dying. That guy… That eye-patched bastard, I’d be surprised if you knew who he is.」
Julius:「――Reid Astrea」
Subaru:「――」
His voice was brimming with confidence in his response. Subaru was so surprised for a second that both his feet and breath caught in their tracks. However, he quickly brought both his feet and breath back into motion so to not let him onto his surprise.
  Subaru carefully chose his words so that Julius wouldn’t sense his flustered state.
Subaru:「So, so you knew all along? He’s that thing. Shaula said she knows him. Makes sense that she does ‘cause she seems acquainted with him from 400 years ago… But, it looks like she was telling the truth when she alluded that he’s someone that’s hard to deal with. I say that since she fainted right after she saw his face.」
Julius:「Huh, there were a ton of things which tipped me off. He has flaming red hair and blue eyes. His technique with the sword really stood out… If you can even call it a technique with the sword. He didn’t even let himself swing his sword against me. I should just simply say he’s a powerful person. Even the term『Stick Swinger』is one that denotes him from what I’ve seen in literature」
Subaru:「So he’s been called a『Stick Swinger』since olden times because he fights with those chopsticks!?」
Julius:「Actually, the nuance of it is that he didn’t choose a weapon he specialised with. I had my thoughts about him when he introduced himself as a『Stick Swinger』… But, I wasn’t sure. I apologise for not mentioning them to you.」
Subaru had no reply for Julius’ apologetic words. Though he’d said that there’d been tons of things which had tipped him off, Subaru thought he was stretching it too much.
Reid Astrea, the man who was known as the First『Sword Saint』, should have died 400 years ago.
Just because some of his features matched doesn’t mean that you can easily come to the conclusion of having encountered that hero of yore whose name had gone down in fairytale and legend.
If there’d been a chance that he could have noticed that, then he, Subaru, should have been able to come to that conclusion. After all he and Emilia had agreed that the『Trials』which had been put forward by this Watchtower were similarish to the『Ordeals』they’d taken at Echidna’s graveyard.
With that said, Subaru should have given more thought about the contents of the『Trials』set out by this tower and raised as many possibilities as he could.
Neglecting that had led to their defeat on the Second Floor,『Electra』
Julius:「Hmmh. How on earth did we end up coming across this Swordsman of legend brought back from the past…? Originally, I would have been delighted in having been granted this boon, but all things considered…」
Subaru:「I get how you feel. These heroes of legend are all good at being disappointing in reality. This Watchtower is full of let downs like with Shaula who’d been judged as a『Sage.』」
Julius:「…You get… how I feel…?」
His voice was cracked and it felt full of self-derision. Subaru inconsiderately gritted his teeth when he heard close up what Julius had moaned out. But he chose not to touch on that, opting instead to say,「Even so,」
Subaru:「If I’m recalling correctly, the First『Sword Saint』is engraved on the Gold Coins, but there’s a pretty big difference between that and the actual guy. Shaula also differed in her gender, so even though we can’t do much about it, there’s a considerable gap between them two too. The guy on the Gold Coin looked more like a middle-aged dude…」
Julius:「Just a quick historical tidbit, it was when he was older that Reid accomplished his deeds that led him to be counted as one of the Three Great Heroes. The figure depicted on the Gold Coins is probably correct. The him up above is younger than the one from recorded history.」
Subaru:「Come to mention it, Reid didn’t seem like he recognised Shaula…」
He’d planned to change the subject, but they’d per chance ended up touching on another issue.
Compared to what Julius had said, there’d definitely been too much of a difference of hot and cold between the two of Reid and Shaula for there to have been some sort of friendship between them. If he assumed that “This guy was the Reid before he’d met Shaula” then there’d be some parts he could agree with regarding the two’s differences in recognising each other.
But, when he took into consideration Shaula’s overreaction and the high likelihood that Reid hadn’t remembered her name or face due to how he was, the basis of his hypothesis weakened.
Subaru:「If we take that as correct, doesn’t that mean that they would have fought against the Witch after their prime days? Meaning we’d have to beat Reid in his prime.」
Julius:「Feels to me like that’s going to be really though, or nigh impossible.」
Subaru:「Yeah for sure it’s gonna be an exhausting mess. But I’m sure that there’ll be some way of getting around this if we come up with a plan. As things stand…」
Subaru hesitated as he looked for anything that could help them against Reid.
Right now, at this moment, he should have told Julius what was weighing on his mind, but he hadn’t because his heart had stopped him in his tracks.
Yet he’d been a little too slow.
Julius:「As things stand… What do you mean?」
Subaru:「Ah, it’s nothing…」
Julius:「Subaru」
If he made any excuses saying that he’d observed Reid and noticed a chink in his armour they’d be immediately spotted by him. In actual fact, right now, he hadn’t found anything that’d let them get past Reid or anything that looked like a weak point; that was for sure.
Thus Subaru had resigned himself when he’d had his name curtly called out.
Subaru:「…Emilia passed the『Trial』after you and Anastasia lost consciousness.」
Julius:「――」
Subaru:「That’s all. The reason why she beat the guy down wasn’t due to her being stronger than him. Let’s just say that lady luck was at her side… Because Emilia is well, unique like that.」
It was a bit difficult to call the end result a mere victory.
Emilia had just barely had her resolve and ability recognised by their examiner, Reid, in the『Trial.』However, the circumstances that had led to her achieving that were hard to explain to anyone who hadn’t witnessed them.
Because, even if they tried to beat him in the same way, it wouldn’t be possible by anyone other than Emilia.
Subaru:「Anyways, as a result of having various complex stuff click into place for her, Emilia cleared the『Trial.』Despite that, the guy said that he’d only let those who cleared the Trial pass through, so all of us will have to beat him to go upstairs… Rather wicked of him.」
Julius:「――」
Subaru:「So we’ll need to work out a battle plan. Regardless of fighting dignity, I can’t even talk unless I force him to recognise the fighting duo that is me and Beatrice. And as for Meili, she has no reason to take the『Trial』in the first place. I guess she’ll understand after we talk about it… Though I guess she’ll be bummed out.」
Julius:「――」
Subaru:「That’s why, well, you too won’t be going in blind when we rematch him. I’m not stretching things here, I mean it. We won’t tackle him like we did this time around. We’ll work out a plan and mode of approach after we have a far clearer picture of him. This time one which is in my style…」
Julius:「――」
Subaru:「…Hey, are you listening? Hey, Julius?」
Subaru felt suspicious that Julius hadn’t replied to any of his rapid-fire explanations. When he called out to him (Julius still being slung over his back), Julius paused for a moment, and then said,
Julius:「Yeah, yeah, everything’s alright. I’m listening of course… I see, Emilia managed it」
Subaru:「Well I mentioned that slightly earlier… But yeah. Since that happened this means clearing the Trial isn’t a futile hope. Aren’t you going too hard on yourself?」
Julius:「Too hard on myself? Huh, you really needn’t worry so much. ――Everything is exactly as you say. If Emilia’s been able to pass the『Trial』then he’s… Then the『Sword Saint』Reid is not an insurmountable obstacle. Us knowing that is incredibly beneficial.」
Subaru:「Y-yeah, right. That’s right… I’m glad we’re on the same page.」
Julius had unexpectedly accepted the fact that Emilia had passed the『Trial』rather flexibly. Subaru had nervously explained it to him, but he sensed that Julius was sidestepping his question from his reaction. ――No, things were fine.
Julius had been informed that someone had cleared the obstacle he’d slammed face first into before him.
But it was pointless for Julius to worry himself sick over that. Subaru could say that he was taking a bit too much of a naive look at him. Or by his own measure, he guessed that he shouldn’t have leapt to conclusions about the Knight named Julius Euculius.
As Subaru found himself embroiled by these profound feelings, Julius let out a long sigh and casually spoke out saying,「So then,」
Julius:「Isn’t it high time you put me down? I’m going to get motion sickness if I keep staying on your back. It’s not like you have the『Divine Protection of Wind Evasion』like Earth Dragons do, right?」
Subaru:「Be patient with the breeze and all the shaking, and be grateful that I’m carrying you. It’s certainly tiring work, but I can’t be so coldhearted as to make you walk on your own when you’re injured. Emilia-tan would tell me off.」
Subaru shook his head at Julius’ proposal and jiggled his body, readjusting Julius on his back.
Julius wasn’t at all in a good condition right now. No matter how skilled the room’s Spirit was at its work and how much treatment Julius, whose whole body had been knocked about, had been able to receive, he’d only spent a few dozen minutes in the Green Room.
That, and he hadn’t been able to receive any treatment from his second defeat.
If he was suffering from stuff like cuts or fractures then Subaru could have put his skills into work with the first aid treatment techniques of the Clind variety; but, unfortunately, Julius didn’t have any such obvious wounds.
Reid’s blows had been the kind that had been designed to tear through Julius’ heart.
Of course, there didn’t seem to be any doubt that he’d accumulated damage that wasn’t visible on the surface, but that was no excuse to make him do anything that would exert him.
That’s why Subaru had resolved to go down the whole staircase with Julius on his back, with half of it remaining – probably about 200 more steps; yet despite that――,
Julius「――No, I can’t keep causing you trouble. It’d be fine if I was still fainted but luckily I’ve woken up. I can go down the rest of the stairs by myself.」
Subaru:「Don’t be so ridiculously stubborn. It’s too late for that, even if you insist. If you’re saying you’re embarrassed at being seen carried on my back, everyone who was with me already saw that… Only Shaula and Anastasia didn’t on account of having fainted.」
Julius:「Then that’s the reason why. There’s no way I can show myself like this to those two… Especially to Anastasia-sama. Put me down」
Subaru:「Don’t say such forced things. To start with, you…」
Julius:「――I SAID PUT ME DOWN!」
――His outburst was quite abrupt.
Subaru:「Whoa!?」
Subaru’s shoulder struck against the staircase wall straight after Julius’ strained voice had thudded against his earlobe.
That was thanks to Julius twisting himself off by force from his back. Subaru had immediately turned to face the wall so that he’d keep himself safe, but it wouldn’t have been unlikely if he’d ended up nearly falling down the stairs.
However, he’d avoided that fate thanks to his quick thinking――,
Julius:「――kh」
Subaru:「You fucking idiot! What the hell were you thinking!?」
He leaned against the wall and when he turned around, he found Julius lying down a few stairs below him.  He’d fallen from Subaru’s back and slid down them.
He was lying face down, propping himself up on his elbows, wheezing in pain with a deep look of agony about him. Clearly not only from falling down the stairs.
Subaru:「I told you to quit it! HEY, stay right there you dumbass. I’m coming over to you…」
Julius:「You don’t need to!」
Subaru:「――」
Julius:「…I can stand by myself. I don’t need you to help me」
Subaru had tried to run down to him as quickly as he could, but he was stopped in his tracks.
Julius had stretched out his hand in front of him as he propped himself up against the floor and stopped him from running over. Still panting heavily, he scrunched his face and managed to raise his body up.
He leaned against the wall and slowly lifted his lower back up, stretched up his knees and stood up, though still using the wall to prop himself up.
Julius:「See, didn’t I tell you so? That it’d be easy for me to stand by myself.」
Subaru was at a loss for words at what Julius had said, who in some respects sounded like he was casting everything aside. Julius turned himself around and with the right side of his body pressed up against the wall, he began to slowly climb down the stairs at the same speed that a baby crawling along the floor would.
One step at a time, as if he was forcing himself――.
Julius:「It looks like it’ll take me a bit more time, but this way I won’t cause you any trouble. More importantly, the girls downstairs are worried. I’m grateful that you seem to be looking past what I’ve done, but it wasn’t just you who went out looking for where I was, right?」
Step by step.
Julius:「If possible, would you be able to go downstairs before me and explain to them what happened? Though I think it’s probably best you leave the full story and apologising to me. You just need to tell them that you found me and try to make them feel less worried」
Slowly, slowly, one step at a time.
Julius:「…I admit that apologising is going to be pretty depressing, but avoiding that is a road I can’t walk down. After you calm the waters down, even if it’s just by a little, I’ll really owe you a huge debt of gratitude. You know, you may even want to think about adding to the debt I owe you.」
Julius continued to speak without looking over at him as he tried to make his way down the stairs by himself. Indeed, a gap had started to form between him and the immobile Subaru despite how slow he was going about it.
He could close the distance between them immediately if he so desired. If he were to grant his wish, he still needed to walk past him once. ――So Subaru set his feet into motion.
Subaru:「I guess I should speak to Emilia’s side first.」
Julius:「…Yeah, oh, that’s right, if Anastasia-sama’s woken up… Ah wait, no, let’s not. Anyways, I’d like to depend on you.」
Subaru hurried down the stairs and easily caught up to Julius. He let out a sigh that resembled one of relief as he heard Subaru’s footsteps echoing around the staircase and encouraged him to vamoose off ahead.
――No, not “vamoose off ahead.” More like he’d encouraged him to “not wait up on me.”
Subaru:「――」
Subaru could understand a little about what lay in Julius’ innermost thoughts with what he’d said. The reason why he was able to was the same one why only he, and no one else, had immediately gotten the hunch that Julius had gone to challenge Reid――.
There was unmistakably something in common between that which Subaru had felt back then and this somewhat similar incident. That’s why, back then, Subaru had――,
Subaru:「――tch! God damn this! Damnthisdamnthisdamnthis! Dumbass! We’re both huge dumbasses! For fuck’s sake!」
Subaru spat out his frustrations, kicked the staircase and then made his way towards Julius.
He was not going to walk past him (now flustered, leaning against the wall), instead he grabbed his left arm and propped him up by unceremoniously draping his arm over his shoulder.
Julius:「Hey…Subaru, what are you…」
Subaru:「SHUT UP! What are you doing, standing up by yourself! It’s plain as day that you’re struggling to stand up straight! Like I’d ever be able to let myself prance off and leave a guy in your state here! I’d be first in line to say just how disgusted I am at myself before Emilia even has a chance to tell me off!」
Julius:「But I’m…」
Subaru:「THIS IS ME WE’RE TALKING ABOUT, I wouldn’t lend you a hand if you didn’t really need one. Even under normal circumstances, my hands are always filled with this, that and the other. If you seriously don’t want to borrow my strength then quit hobbling about so miserably, it’s really trying my patience!」
Julius:「――」
Julius remained silent as Subaru shouted at him with spittle flying out from his mouth.
As soon as Subaru saw that Julius had hesitated in going against him, and that, for now, he’d lost the strength to shake him off as he’d been doing, he started to walk again whilst still lending his shoulder to Julius whether he liked it or not.
Julius had no time to go against him, now that he’d set the pace like that.
Subaru:「I’m not going to act like I know or understand what’s going through your heart.」
Julius:「――」
Subaru:「But, right now, you needn’t walk down these stairs, these long-ass stairs alone, all by yourself. I will lend you my shoulder and I won’t think of it as a debt either.」
Talking about lending, borrowing and debts was ridiculous.
If he put it like that, then how much did he owe Julius?
Surely his first debt to him would have started in the Training Ground at the Royal Castle.
――He knew the reason why Julius had challenged Reid even though he knew he couldn’t win.
He’d… he’d acted the same as Subaru back then.
Back then, Subaru had challenged Julius even though he knew he couldn’t win. No matter how many times he’d been knocked down, no matter how many times he’d been struck, he’d picked himself up without learning his lesson and kept challenging him.
Because he’d had no other way to hurl out the tempestuous emotions that had built up inside his heart other than by doing that.
And, back then, Subaru had ended up “Alone” at that place where everything had ended for him, at that place where he’d argued with Emilia and she’d said goodbye to him. That had been agonising. That had made him want to cry.
――So how could he leave Julius all alone on this staircase.
Subaru:「――」
His heart must be set ablaze. Just like him back then. But unlike him, he still didn’t know where he could hurl out his tempestuous emotions.
Julius:「――Subaru」
Subaru:「What is it」
Julius「…I’m sorry」
Subaru:「Shut up」
He replied with that, hoping he wouldn’t perceive it as a fit of anger.
And like that, the two of them slowly climbed down the stairs and made it back to the Fourth Floor.
――Emilia found them a little over ten minutes later, clasping her chest in relief.


Chapter 30
――There was a woman, all by herself.
This woman worried about everything; about each and every struggling person in the world.
Nothing in this small world was hidden from her view. To her, everything, everyone, was a child who needed protection.
Such a fragile world, with such fragile people, would be so easy to subjugate.
But the woman sought not to control this world. Instead, she sought to shelter it from harm.
And thus, her wretched war of trial and error began. But protecting and advising and saving the entire world proved to be too heavy a burden, for the woman’s lonely hands could not reach everyone.
Although she could see every solution, she lacked a way to solve every problem.
For the first time, the woman cursed her own inadequacy.
Even if she saw a calamity, she was short on helping hands.
Even if she was immersed in a building crisis, she could do nothing to prevent it. She could never do enough.
She could reach what was in front of her, but she couldn’t cross an impossible distance. She could deal with pressing affairs, but she couldn’t turn back the unforgiving wheel of time. There was no life to deal with the faraway calamity.
There was so much beyond her reach.
Her supposed power had not granted her wish. Her arrogant wisdom lit no path to hope.
And thus, even as she cast warding spells, the woman fell into despair. Submerged by an endless sea of regret, each sorrowful wail she could not prevent shattered her broken heart afresh.
Finally, the woman understood.
I can’t. There’s no way. It’s impossible.
This exorbitant, lofty wish was unattainable, especially for one lonesome woman.
She knew. She realized. She understood. Her wish was impossible. But. Even so…
If her own vigilant hands weren’t enough, she would find more. Simply by not being alone, by finding others who shared her wish, she could reach everyone.
Her mind felt cleansed. The once hazy path had finally become clear.
Her wish could finally reach her once inexorable lament, those once inevitable tragedies.
She joins forces with the instigator, bequeaths the battlefield to the Heavenly Sword, makes a deal with the Dragon and pushes forward towards her greatest wish.
Surely, she could fulfill it. Surely, it would come. The promised denouement of her great wish.
No matter what, at any cost, soon, maybe tomorrow. It was, of course, on its way—.
“Saved. They’ll all be saved. The way to save them, I can see it. —The path to salvation.”
Even if there were a price to pay in blood, she needed to prevail, for leaving her struggle unfinished would render it meaningless.
Even if her instigator were to disappear, even if her Heavenly Sword’s smiles were to vanish forever, even if her dragon were to levant to faraway skies, she could not surrender.
Even if her first allies left her side, she lost her way, for the once lonesome woman was no longer alone.
“It has to be there. I know it was there. —I need to know.”
She walks a road paved with corpses, designating countless lives as sacrifices, all for the sake of grasping her greatest aspiration.
One day, with a sufficient amount of knowledge, her hands could reach each and every tear.
For the first time, she truly believed that she could reach it.
So, consumed by that sacred wish, the woman struggled through excruciating despair.
The [Witch of Greed] bled avarice in the wake of her yearning.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
Emilia: “――Julius has to properly rest here, until all of his wounds heal! This is the most absolute of the most absolute!”
Practically throwing a very worn-down Julius into the green room, Emilia scolded him. She had gone to meet them and had heaved a sigh of relief when she saw Subaru, with Julius supported by his shoulder, coming down the long stairs connecting the 2nd Floor『Electra』and the 4th Floor.
To be able to switch between emotions quickly was indeed a virtue, and they were thankful she did not pry into the matter further. It was a clever move, as there was no reason to prepare an excuse if one did not ask for reasons. Even if, in truth, she had a mountain of things to ask――,
Emilia: “――Even if I don’t, I’m sure Subaru will ask all the important questions anyway. So, I’m going to have you rest properly, and everything can come after. Right?”
Subaru: “……Ahー, yeah, pretty much. There’s nothing I can say against that, and I don’t plan on going against Emilia-tan’s opinions. Get some sleep.”
Subaru put Julius down on a bed of ivy near the entrance of the green room. Beside him, both hands on her waist, Emilia proudly puffed air through her nostrils. That too was a cute gesture.
After hearing what the two had to say, Julius brushed over his bangs and sighed.
Julius: “Naturally. I am already but putting a burden on you and Emilia-sama. Even after all this, I can no longer act with such shamelessness. I will follow.”
Subaru: “Man just a simple ‘Got it’ would be enough here……”
Emilia: “That’s right! There’s no need for that formality stuff. You’re injured, so it’s just a matter of you staying put until your injuries are healed! It’s completely fine to be a burden. We’re friends, after all.”
Julius: “――――”
Emilia: “Patrasche, I’m leaving Julius in your care. If there’s anything wrong, just cry out loud. We’ll come running, okay?”
Slashing away Julius’ roundabout way of showing gratitude, Emilia called out to the corner of the room, beyond the ashamed Julius―― Where Patrasche was healing her own wounds.
The headcount of the green room increased to three people and one animal―― The unconscious duo of Rem and Anastasia, and the wounded duo of Julius and Patrasche. Because of how the green room had a limit on how many people could remain present at a time, Subaru and Emilia could not remain to keep an eye on them.
Thus, it was better for one of the injured members to keep an eye on everyone else. Normally, that job would go to Julius, however.
Julius: “To have Emilia-sama insist this much, I have no face to show. I will quietly do as told.”
Subaru: “Its kinda tough to get back trust once you’ve lost it. So in that respect, it’s kinda hard to get past Patrasche, who’s always kinda scoring full points for trust. If there’s any funny business going on, it’s fine to not hold back and bite him, Patrasche.”
Patrasche: “――――”
She snorted as a sign of accepting Subaru and Emilia’s words―― Or at least, it could be taken as such.
The best girl of the Emilia camp, their own『Understanding Lady』Patrasche, seemed to feel a sort of responsibility towards Julius for letting him leave alone just now.
Her eyes shone with a strong will, as if to say that there won’t be a next time.
Subaru: “Look, look. Even Patrasche is going『Thou shall not pass the next time』.”
Emilia: “You know what, it’s very strange but you’re right. She does look like she’s saying that.”
Subaru: “But, according to our bilingual Head Internal Affairs Official, more or less, the nuance is right. But, since she’s a lady, she might end her sentences with a 『Desu wa』, ya know?”
Sometimes, whenever Otto translated for her using his『Divine Protection of Soul Language』, Subaru almost always found Patrasche’s high level of tolerance towards his actions to be astonishing. Recently, he felt that even without Otto’s presence, the two could communicate what was on their minds. But whenever that fact was brought up, Patrasche would beat him with her tail.  Indeed, the mind of a woman is complex.
In any case,
Julius: “I will quietly allow my wounds to heal here. Recuperating while being surrounded by such beautiful girls in a serene environment is a luxury one can rarely afford after all.”
Subaru: “I’ll let ya know beforehand, all the girls here except for Anastasia belong to me.”
Subaru pointed out, starting with the bedridden Rem, then Patrasche, then to Emilia who was right beside him, in a retort to Julius’ impudent statement.
Upon hearing that, Emilia’s cheeks puffed up and,
Emilia: “I’m not Subaru’s yet….. But I did give it some thought, and since Subaru is my Knight, wouldn’t that just make him mine?”
Subaru: “That makes me really happy but also really embarrassed!”
Emilia put her finger to her lips while Subaru gave a celebratory dance, but after all that, he looked back towards Julius.
It would take time for him to overcome his anguish. But, at the very least, he ought to have the heart to take the first step up that long hill.
Subaru: “Well, anywho, while you’re resting, you might wanna hold your head and roll around while thinking over the stuff that just happened, but don’t forget that Patrasche’s watching.”
Julius: “You may be at ease. I will not display such shamelessness.―― It would be very inelegant of me.”
Subaru: “….Feels like you’re already getting better.”
Julius: “Hm.”
With the answer being very like him, Subaru’s cheeks loosened with a soft smile.
He bore two defeats, where he could not accomplish a single thing.
That fact should have brought him intolerable humiliation and helplessness, but he seemed to have come past that first wave of emotions.
Subaru felt glad to have not let him be alone on that long stairway.
If it could give him even the tiniest bit of salvation, it would mean that Subaru had truly learnt something from his time of being publicly humiliated at the castle from that time.
Subaru: “――Patrasche, I’ll leave this in your hands.”
At the very end, Subaru gave his beloved dragon a reminder, before both he and Emilia exited the room.
Upon their departure, Patrasche got up and took a seat nearer to Julius, in a position to better keep him under her watch. Seeing that, Julius put on a bitter smile.
Indeed, Patrasche was a wise dragon, faithful to her instructions.
Considering her spirit, and Julius’ mental condition in mind, it was safe to assume that the members of the Green Room would be okay.
Emilia: “….Should I freeze the door just in case?”
Subaru: “I’m always pretty amazed by Emilia-tan’s imagination, but let’s leave that as a last resort thing, yeah? Don’t wanna anger the spirit in that room either.”
Emilia: “Nn, you’re right. Fufu, I just wanted to see what you’d say. I was just joking.”
Cutely sticking out her tongue, Emilia apologized. Seeing that, Subaru pursed his lips, deciding not to tell her that he’ll keep that as a possible option.
――Worst case scenario, he would consider keeping Julius put with force.
In that case, the best person to stop Julius would still be Emilia, speaking both from her position, and from a power perspective. Fortunately, because Julius’ mental state was stabilizing, Subaru felt relieved that there was no need to take such measures.
Subaru: “Anywho, let’s leave the matters of the Green Room to its resident spirit. From what I saw, Patrasche’s wounds seemed to be healing really nicely, so Julius will get back up soon too.”
Emilia: “Un, that’s right. Julius’ injuries…. They weren’t as bad as they looked. I think he’ll be back to full health in no time. Reid made it like that, I guess.”
Subaru: “….Good at going easy, huh. Can’t really let Julius hear that stuff, eh.”
Subaru agreed to how Emilia worded her guess while scratching his head.
While having absolute mastery over chopsticks sounded like a bad joke, to be able to play around in such a way with someone strong as Julius, Reid’s battle prowess needed no explanation.
The first generation『Sword Saint』, the man who defeated the『Witch of Envy』alongside the Sage and the Dragon―― In the face of such a legendary man, one had no choice but to nod their heads and accept things as they were.
But whether his personality was befitting someone bearing the title of『Legendary Hero』was a different matter entirely.
Subaru: “For now, our first topic would be……”
Ram: “――To find a way to clear that pesky 2nd『Trial』or whatever, before Knight Julius’ wounds heal, right?”
Subaru: “――――”
And, cutting into their conversation with a cold voice was Ram. She stood with her back leaning against the wall of the hallway.
Caught out by the limitations of the Green Room, she had been waiting outside for the two to return. Having his innermost concerns spilled by her, Subaru rubbed his cheeks.
Subaru: “Is my face really of the variety that gives away everything I’m thinking so accurately?”
Ram: “I just put together whatever worries were on your face. Right now, the things Barusu would be worried about are all inside of that room. That’s all there was to it.”
Subaru: “Hell, that’s not even close. I’m worried about everyone, obviously including Emilia-tan and Beako, but I’m also concerned about you, dearest sister. It ain’t limited  to the people occupying that room.”
Ram: “Hah!”
Ram ridiculed his thumbs-up with a snort.
Subaru looked on, lips pursed in a pout, as Ram began walking away with her back to him. Emilia covered her mouth as she giggled right beside him and,
Emilia: “It’s okay. Ram just got a little flustered. She’s just not really honest.”
Subaru: “I feel like you’re really biased here, but if Emilia-tan says it, well.”
Watching her from the side, Subaru turned and cracked his neck, before chasing after Ram. Ram was headed towards one of the smaller rooms of the 4th Floor.
Upon stepping inside of that room,
Beatrice: “……You’re late, I suppose. Kept us waiting for too long, in fact. Julius is doing fine, I suppose?”
Her voice came from the dead centre of the room, where she was sitting. Looking straight up at Subaru and Emilia, she showered light abuse, with a bit of a worry for Julius mixed in. Subaru bitterly smiled at that dishonest attitude of hers.
Subaru: “Don’t worry. Seems that worst is past him for now.  He’s got a pointlessly strong sense of responsibility, so he’ll be reflecting on what he did, I’m sure…… Well, he won’t be causing any problems anytime soon.”
Beatrice: “If Subaru say so, I’ll take those words at face value, in fact. That way, our problems can be narrowed down further, I suppose.”
After discerning Julius’ condition, Beatrice pulled in her chin. Nodding at her words, Subaru moved his eyes over the room.
The small room was one of the many on the 4th Floor of the Watchtower, and it was also one that held all of the group’s hand luggage. They all sat down in a circle, with Subaru and Beatrice facing Emilia and Ram respectively. With that――,
Subaru: “I need you to tell me more about that guy, Shaula.”
Shaula: “Uhii, Master’s looking really sscary! But, but, I don’t hate it when he’s tough on me like that either. It’s a love-hate thing.”
Ram: “As she says, Master. Disgusting.”
Subaru: “I object!”
Wrapping her arms around her voluptuously feminine body, Shaula squirmed with Meili sat atop her lap. Ram took her crazy behavior too literally, but to Subaru, those false charges were too much to take.
Anyway,
Subaru: “First of all, I’d like to thank everyone for helping with looking for Julius. Even if we don’t want it, the guy will likely come around later to apologize himself, so for now, he’s fine.”
Emilia: “It’s fine. I told Julius too, but I’m just glad we found him safe and sound. I’m sure everyone else feels the same way, right?”
Ram: “I would prefer to not have my opinion be the same as Emilia-sama’s.”
Subaru: “Eh!? Say what now!?”
Subaru had tried to lead the conversation forward, but it quickly seemed that there was a difference of opinion between Ram and Emilia.
Ram pointed a finger towards a surprised Emilia and started,
Ram: “Please listen carefully. As far as I have been reported, the 2nd『Trial』needs to be overcome by everyone present in the tower. And yet, Knight Julius took matters into his own hands without consulting any of us and made a second attempt by himself…… If there was a single misstep here, it could have broken down the cooperative relationship we have built between the Anastasia-sama’s faction and ours.”
Emilia: “Because, from his actions alone, all of us could’ve been disqualified?”
Ram: “If that were the case, our entire journey would have been for nothing.  It is also uncertain whether the 2nd Floor examiner would even let us go safely…… That includes that fake Sage over there.”
Ram’s eyes took a glance at Shaula while she was explaining everything to Emilia. Perhaps she had not considered to be a topic of conversation, so she pointed to herself and asked,
Shaula: “Me? Does fake Sage mean me? That’ss really unthinkable, calling me that! I’ve never called myself a Sage!　The only name I give is the only one Master gave me, and that’s Shaula! I’m devoted to my one and only Master!”
Ram: “Disgusting.”
Subaru: “Stop looking at me and saying that! …I won’t deny what you’re saying.”
Putting the excessive things aside, considering what could be the worst case scenario, Ram’s assumptions could not be put to rest. Julius’ actions put everyone at risk.
Even if he had not completely grasped the gist of the 2nd『Trial』,―― Or rather, because he had a complete understanding of the situation, that his actions were even more careless.
Ram: “That it was unlike the Knight Julius, is something I, who barely knows the man, cannot say. But, taking even『Gluttony』into account, I thought of him as a person who would not do such things.”
Subaru: “Well, I do agree with that… But my line of thinking’s a bit different than that, since I know the guy. I chalk it up to being Manly Measles.”
Ram: “Measles?”
Subaru: “Should I have said chicken pox instead?”
Ram: “――――”
In any case, it had the nuance of『A disease everyone had caught at least once in their lives』.
As such, measles or chickenpox could easily be compared with Julius’ actions and would be more easy to digest, but getting them when one is an adult can have serious consequences.
Especially as it can be fatal when it appears.
Subaru: “That it wasn’t fatal this time… Let’s just be happy with that and let him off.”
Ram: “――I just don’t want to be pulled back by others.”
She looked away from Subaru and whispered.
Seeing her cheeks stiffen, Subaru raised his eyebrows.
Beatrice: “The elder of the sisters hasn’t been feeling too well ever since she came to the tower, in fact. Maybe the fatigue of a long journey has finally caught up to her, or maybe the horn therapy is not working as well for her, I suppose.”
Subaru: “Or maybe, there’s something else that’s bothering her…. Heck, that’s probably it.”
Sitting right next to him with hands held, Subaru and Beatrice whispered to one another.
To take out her frustrations of Julius’ actions and irritation of being unable to see a way to clear the trial, on Subaru and Shaula, was very far from Ram’s usual behavior.
It was likely that the source of that frustration came from looking at the method of saving Rem in the face, yet being unable to reach for it.
Of course, it would be wrong to say that the fatigue or the injured horns pointed out by Beatrice were unrelated to that.
Both mind and body were unwell.
All of those were the likely factors working behind Ram’s outburst.
Meili: “We~ell, do you guys just wanna fight here~? Or would you guys want to get the convo moving~? If you don’t decide soon, I’m not gonna be taking part, ya know~.”
In an instant, Meili put a stop on the worsening condition of the place.
Snuggling beside Shaula, fingers playing with her braids, she lazily scanned everyone present in the room,
Meili: “Please stop fighting if you can, kay~? I don’t like it, getting hurt or being afraid~”
Subaru: “You… No, you’re right. That bystander position of yours saves us a lot.”
Meili: “Is that so~? Ufufu, then please be grateful, kay~?”
In the face of his gratitude, Meili smiled innocently like the young girl she was.
However, that smile of hers also had a bewitching allure to it, subtly describing her dangerous nature.
Even in the face of that smile, Subaru offered his gratitude to her. Thinking back, it was also Meili who had suggested retreating from the『Trial』from before.
Having someone as a companion who was able to tell when to retreat depending on the situation was a big plus.
Subaru: “Keep it up, alright? It’s important to look at things with composure.”
Meili: “You’re really feeling good, huh~. Even if you say things like that, my job’s done when we get out of the desert, right~? I’m not good for anything else anyway~.”
Subaru: “Not how I see it, though? Having more heads thinking helps a lot, and combined with us getting out of the desert alive, while in the tower, we all gotta share our lot with each other. Just think that you’re outta luck and get depended on by me.”
Meili: “――――”
Amazed by Subaru’s outright declaration of imposing on her, she let out a long sigh and,
Meili: “……I’m starting to get why Petra-chan doesn’t feel at ease with you~.”
Subaru: “――? Petra’s what now?”
Meili: “It’s no~thing. That aside, don’t you wanna ask the naked Onee-san some stuff~?”
Turning her face away, Meili stood up and began shoving Shaula’s back. Probably not because of the strength of her tiny arms, but Shaula cheerfully came forward and took a seat right in front of him and slightly bowed down her head.
Shaula: “I may be sslightly inexperienced, but I leave myself in your care.”
Subaru: “That’s a very admirable attitude you have there. Well, now moving on to the matter of wedding gifts…. Ouch! Ouch! Ouch! Emilia-tan!? Beako!? Why are you two pinching both of my sides!?”
Emilia: “No reason.”
Beatrice: “It’s nothing, in fact.”
Even if they said it had no reason, they both wanted to do something more than just pinch his sides, but hesitated to escalate things further.
Anyway, Subaru coughed to get everything back on track, then approached Shaula again,
Subaru: “The guy from above is unmistakably Reid Astrea. The man himself admitted it so. So, I ask you, a living witness from that time, to enlighten us. What kind of guy was he?”
Shaula: “Human trash.”
Subaru: “I heard you the first time, and heck, I even saw it in action.”
Twisting her lips, she displayed an expression unbecoming of a lady as beautiful as her as she reminisced about her deceased ‘friend’. Putting aside that that same deceased ‘friend’ was sitting around in the same building, just on the floor above, the memories she had of him seemed to definitely be not pleasant.
Well, she did faint at the very sight of him, mouth bubbling and all. So that came as no surprise.
Subaru: “We gotta get past him, no matter what. I’d love to get even a single hint on how to get past the 2nd Floor’s『Trial』.”
Ram: “So please tell us anything and everything about him. The『Sword Saint』Reid’s personality, habits, relationships, likes, dislikes, weaknesses. That’s right, we want to know his weakness. Talk.”
Shaula: “Woah you’re coming onto me really fasst! If I knew what his weakness was, I’d be stabbing back at him! In other words, he doesn’t have a weaknesss!”
Ram: “Tch, useless.”
Shaula: “You little girl, acting like you’re hotter stuff than Master……”
Maybe she did have pride as a『Sage』, but she seemed to take offense to Ram’s high and mighty attitude.
Subaru: “The hell you doing, hiding? You’re definitely stronger than her.”
Shaula: “It’s not about who’s strong or who’s weak. Somehow, my instincts are telling me to do thiss. Maybe, it’s Master who’s scared. That scared feeling’s getting to me, because we’re one mind one body.”
Subaru: “Don’t blame your lack of nerves on me.”
Unable to calm down because of feeling something soft press against his back, Subaru grabbed Shaula’s neck and pulled her unwilling body back to where it was.
And thus, the Q&A session resumed but――,
Emilia: “Umm… In the end, Shaula doesn’t know much about the『Trial』, right?”
Shaula: “It’s not that I don’t know. I jusst know it’s not time to tell everything yet. I think everything’s gonna be revealed when the tower is conquered.
Emilia: “Is that how it is…. I feel reeally excited.”
Subaru: “Don’t play around with the naive Emilia.”
Ram: “Even if you don’t know the『Sword Saint』’s weaknesses, he has habits, right? If he has a fighting pattern, for example, we might be able to come up with a way to fight against it.”
Shaula: “Habitss, huh. Ah, that’s right, whenever I tried to kill him for sexual harassment, he had the nerve to scratch his ass while defending hisself! Isn’t that a pattern?”
Emilia: “He’s just jibing at you, huh….”
Beatrice: “In the first place, the condition for clearing the『Trial』is vague, I suppose. There is no doubt Emilia was acknowledged, there must be another condition…. The fulfilment of which gains acknowledgement as well, in fact.”
Shaula: “I think he’s weak to pretty girlss. I guess if a pretty girl passes by, it might help.”
Subaru: “That means, Julius and I’ll have to be left behind, huh…. That’s a pretty tough condition.”
Beatrice: “S-Subaru might be able to get by, if he tries his best, like by blinding him, definitely, that way, I think he might maybe really get through, I suppose….!”
Subaru: “You’re so damn cute, you.”
And, amidst the many unnecessary and unhelpful questions and answers, Subaru caught up Beatrice in a hug and was presently patting her head.
Whilst in his arms, letting herself be spoiled by him,
Beatrice: “In any case, Emilia just happened to succeed, in fact. A simple coincidence. That man just happened to let his guard down, and she just happened to have been able to hit him, I suppose.”
Subaru: “And how do you suppose that happened?”
Beatrice: “If Emilia was looking to kill, that man would have not gotten hit, in fact. Thus, it was that man’s carelessness, which led to Emilia’s victory, I suppose.”
Emilia: “Huh? Just now, was I praised?”
Beatrice: “I did praise you, in fact.”
Emilia: “Ah, just like I thought. Fufu, thank you. It makes me reeally happy.”
Emilia rejoiced at Beatrice’s compliment, while Subaru began stroking her head even more.
It was a rather messed up situation, but still there was something to laugh and be happy about.
Subaru: “Man, anyway, it’s pretty cool to think that your ability to counter depends on the amount of intent to kill. The reality of it is like that, huh. How serious you are about it, that.”
Ram: “……you should put it the other way around. Just as Barusu says, you won’t understand how serious an enemy is, but it’s best to not let them get serious.”
Subaru: “You shouldn’t make them get serious?”
Picking up on her mutterings, Subaru frowned at Ram. Upon questioning her, she fell into deep thought for a while before answering,
Ram: “That’s right. Emilia-sama was acknowledged because she forced the conditions out of him and met them…… The condition for clearing this Trial is quite the hurdle, isn’t it.”
Subaru: “I feel the same about the fuzzy details of the conditions. The examiner’s disposition here’s coming out well.”
Ram: “That is why, I believe it is best to entertain the examiner, and while doing so, present conditions which could be used for the Trial. On top of that, one has to defeat the examiner to advance to the 2nd Floor.”
Subaru: “――――”
Taking in Ram’s words, Subaru felt he understood it a bit better.
Emilia had proposed the condition of『Without moving a single step』, then through a hefty load of effort coupled with a tiny sprinkle of luck, she had grasped her win―― Factoring in Reid’s carelessness, it was a victory with the most loose conditions. To gain victory through physical prowess, should be considered to be impossible after this.
Subaru: “Even if I go with that, it’s not like he’d agree to fight me in a match of rock-paper-scissors, huh….”
Emilia: “Umm, so we’ve got to find a condition that’ll convince Reid to accept them, and then do our best… Just as I thought, this『Trial』is a really hard exam you’ve got to really think about, huh.”
Subaru: “Rather than being hard, I’d say this is a different kind of harassment compared to the 3rd Floor’s one.”
The first was the test of wisdom (of an otherworldly kind), and after that came the test of strength(on the level of the world’s strongest), was contrary to their conclusions, so there must be something else that is the main topic of this『Trial』。
In other words, while the 2nd Floor’s『Trial』was different from the 3rd Floor’s, it was indisputable fact that the nature of these two Trials showed the depth of the wickedness of the Watchtower’s creator, the elusive『Sage』.
All that was left was――,
Shaula: “――Issn’t fine and all this way. Just take it easy. No need to be going in such a hurry.”
Subaru: “Even if you put it that way, ya know.”
Shaula looked over everyone busy with their own thoughts, then while sitting cross-legged, leaning left to right, she spoke in a casual way. In response, Subaru and others frowned at her, but she took it all in stride while indulging in the fun feeling that showed on her sparkling eyes,
Shaula: “I’m hoping Master and everyone else just stays here for ever and ever and eveeer. I’ve been waiting for Master to come back home for hundreds of years, so.”
Subaru: “That’s…”
Shaula: “You guys can take as long as you want, as long as you like, to clear the『Trials』. I’ll be watching over you always. ――No matter how many days, years, or even hundreds of years it takes.”
Those were words that could not be laughed away, because of the weight they carried.
In that light tone and soft smile, she gave to everyone―― No, to Subaru alone, for whom she bore a heavy, heavy love, the weight of hundreds of years.
The weight of being told by the『Sage』to live in the Watchtower, and to protect it.
Shaula had said.
It was forbidden to leave the Tower without finishing the『Trials』. And if that were violated, then she would, even if it were her beloved Master, the current target of her affections, Subaru, she would show no mercy.
Even if they proclaim words of love, even if they maintain an amicable relationship, that did not mean they would be allies.
The Stars Keeper of the Pleiades Watchtower, Shaula, was yet but another――,
Shaula: “――It’s fine to just stay here and have fun with me!”
――As one realized from her smile, obstacle for the ones who wished to clear the Trials.


Chapter 31
――In the end, it was decided via meeting that the conquest of the 2nd Floor『Electra』would have to be put on hold.
Although they failed to come up with an idea that would allow everyone to break through their current situation, the biggest factor in their decision to postpone everything was but one―― Subaru’s stomach had begun growling.
Subaru: “Looking back, I was unconscious for two entire days before I got up, and immediately got to tackling the tower’s trials… No wonder my stomach was almost touching my back.”
It was only when the conversations died down that Subaru’s stomach roared, and for the first time did he realize exactly how famished he was.
To be unable to fight on an empty stomach, was not actually true, but what was true was that it affected one’s ability to think properly. As a result, once Subaru’s stomach started growling to make its dissatisfaction known, everyone took it as a chance to sum up their discussions for the time being.
Subaru: “Honestly, some part of me feels kinda relieved because of that…”
Leaving aside the breakthrough plan for the 2nd Floor, there was a certain pattern observed in the questions proposed by the『Trials』of the Watchtower.
Alongside the realization of the pettiness of the questioner, the exact nature of the danger Shaula posed also came to light―― From the start, everyone was supposed to be wary of her because of her fighting prowess, but because her head was empty and she was overly clingy towards Subaru, no one stayed on guard around her.
『――It’s fine to just stay here and have fun with me!』
No matter how many days, years, or even hundreds of years――.
Indeed, Shaula’s audacious declaration had reminded everyone of exactly what danger she posed. As it likely should be.
Subaru: “It’s not like I’m planning on it or anything, but if we make a break for it in the middle of our tower conquest, it seems like there’s a rule to make it so she’ll definitely become our enemy, right…”
Sifting through his mind, he recalled one of the many rules Shaula had spoken of.
Dropping out in the middle of the『Trial』, violating any of the『Trial』’s rules, disrespecting the Library, and destroying the Tower. If any of these are broken, then Shaula will once more become the enemy she was when they first tried to enter the Watchtower.
Subaru wanted to avoid that. Be it in terms of war tactics or out of simple sentimentalism.
Subaru: “But, you know. Just sticking around here for years on end like how Shaula put it, doesn’t seem really realistic, so I’d really like a pass on that but…”
Once he looked straight at the tower conquest, all sorts of anxieties will naturally rear their ugly heads from a lot of directions.
Everyone had already spent over a month on their path to get to the Pleiades Watchtower. Even if they clear the『Trials』one after another without a hitch and conquer the Tower, and if they take that same amount of time to get back to Priestella, it’ll become a journey of around three months.
Of course, withdrawing halfway was, because it would make Shaula an enemy, an undesirable decision to come to, but the Royal Election deadline needed to be kept in consideration as Emilia and Anastasia were participants.
Three years in total―― A bit over one year had already passed, leaving only less than two years at hand.
Of course, the time one can accumulate and the time one can spend, were in fact both impossibly limited.
Beatrice: “But if you keep worrying about tomorrow’s tomorrow, you won’t get anywhere in fact. For now, the tomorrow that is based on today is important, I suppose. For that…”
Subaru: “I gotta eat till I’m full now. Right.”
Beatrice: “That is so, in fact.”
She pointed her finger at him as he spoke those words.
As the discussions were halted in lieu of preparing their meals, Subaru took this chance to go and stroll through the various parts of the Tower―― Spending his free time wandering through the area everyone designated as their residential quarters.
And accompanying him, holding his hand as tightly as she could, was Beatrice.
The reason they held hands every now and then was because Subaru’s gate was busted, and as his contracted Spirit, Beatrice collected his pent up mana. But even putting that reason aside, Subaru wanted to hold Beatrice’s hand, and Beatrice herself never refused.
Subaru: “Besides, you were really worried about me when I was out cold for two whole days, right? So just relax for today and let me spoil you.”
Beatrice: “Stop it with your stupid comments, I suppose. I’m only collecting the Mana I didn’t bother collecting when you were sleeping, in fact. Betty wants to always be at her best, especially in this Tower, I suppose. I want to avoid a lack of preparation, in fact.”
Subaru: “You say that, but weren’t you the one in the end who held my hand while I was sleeping, even though you didn’t collect my Mana?”
Beatrice: “That was indeed unrelated to Mana but acts that are for the purpose of recharging Betty’s heart are always so, I suppose.”
Subaru smiled as Beatrice puffed her chest as she proudly stated her Mana-unrelated intentions, and decided not to point out how it was a much more embarrassing thing.
In any case, Subaru raised his hand in agreement with her.
They had to keep the 2nd Floor『Trial』in consideration. By no means did he want to think that the 1st Floor’s Trial also required heavy combat power, but he could not exclude the possibility.
Moreover, the Subaru and Beatrice duo had functionality even outside of battle. And for that, he needed Beatrice to be at peak condition at all times.
Subaru: “Alright, Beako! I’m good now so you don’t have to mind me. Just keep on sucking out my Mana till you’re round and plum…!”
Beatrice: “Betty’s not going to puff up like a ball even if I collect a lot of Mana, in fact! Moreover, I wonder if you are aware of how much Mana you have even if you are feeling good, I suppose. I can’t have you collapsing again because I took from what little Mana you already have, I suppose.”
Subaru: “Oi oi, if that’s the case, what’d you suggest doing?”
Beatrice: “Just listen-to-me! At the very least, you need to eat your fill, rest up, recover your strength and Mana, and also work hard and keep Betty company. That is your mission, in fact.”
Subaru: “I’m pretty sure I’m all good now, and I’m also pretty sure you just want me to keep you from feeling lonely… ah.”
He deftly bore a complicated mix of chagrin and charm on his face. He stopped walking when he heard the footsteps of someone coming from further back in the passage.
Noticing Subaru and Beatrice there, Emilia approached, surprised.
In her hands she held a metal container painted silver―― A bucket.
Subaru: “A bucket, huh. Even at times like this, Emilia-tan’s giving her best, eh. Gonna practice singing?”
Emilia: “Fufu, what are you saying, Subaru, you. I sure do get a lot of help from Bucket-sensei when I’m practicing singing, now’s not really the time for it, you know?”
Subaru: “Right, right. So what’s with the bucket again?”
Emilia: “Well.. I’m getting Bucket-sensei to do his usual job, of course.”
Smiling at Subaru’s question, Emilia thrust the bucket to him. And, it was full of water, so indeed, Bucket-sensei was doing his usual job well.
However, even if the bucket fulfilled its purpose, there rose a question in that itself.
Subaru: “Uh, but, where’s the water from? The Tower is surrounded by desert, right?”
Emilia: “Oh, no no, that’s where you’re wrong, Subaru. If you go past the Tower, really reeeally far, the Great Waterfall’s supposed to be there. And there’s a looot of water there, so…”
Subaru: “You went all the way, just for a bucket of water. All for me.”
Emilia: “If it’s for you, Subaru, I wouldn’t mind doing that at all, but that’s not it. To tell you the truth, the spirit in the Green Room can give us fresh and clean water.”
She wore pride on her face as she spoke for some reason, but Subaru felt giddy for that little bit of what she said before giving him the truth of the situation.
That if it were for Subaru, she would go fetch water from even the Great Waterfall. It made him incredibly happy.
Subaru: “While we’re at it, happy and all, ya know… Those spirits are really something. Going all the way even outside of healing injuries and all, aren’t they.”
Emilia: “If it’s just making water, Beatrice and I can do it too with magic but…”
Beatrice: “The Miasma is too thick around the Sand Dunes and the Tower, I suppose. It would be much wiser to avoid drinking the water created from Mana affected by it, in fact.”
Emilia: “That’s how it is.”
Subaru: “I see, I see.”
Beatrice weighed on Emilia’s reluctance, and Subaru recognized the problem.
The problem of securing a source of drinking water for the journey up to that point, which should be regarded as important if it were a normal journey, had been cleared more or less by relying on magic.
As long as one had Mana, there was no need to carry a large amount of drinking water as it could be produced as much as needed, only the containers. Magic made things extremely convenient in this case.
Subaru: “It’s not air pollution, but more like Mana pollution, huh. So it’s like, bad for you? Drinking that water?”
Beatrice: “I do not know if any immediate changes will be seen in the body, I suppose. But the more you drink, the more that much Miasma enters you, in fact. If that happens, at the very worst, developing a physical condition like Subaru and earning special attention from Witchbeasts may be possible, I suppose. I’m getting shivers just thinking about it, in fact.
Subaru: “It’s weird coming from me, but it really is kinda hard, living with it and all…”
He often made use of this specific property of his at various times, but it was more of a last resort and not something that could be used often. Even beyond that, if he went hiking in the mountains for whatever reason, there would be a risk of accidentally getting surrounded by Demon Beasts.
If given a choice, not having such a physical condition would be much better than having it.
Emilia: “And so we’re using the Green Room spirit’s purified spring water as much as possible. We did the same thing when Subaru was sleeping for two days straight.”
Subaru: “Hmmmー, so that’s how it was.”
He felt impressed by the living conditions of the Pleiades Watchtower.
And, as he mulled over the talk of spring water, something hit Subaru. It even had to do with the caution he felt towards Shaula from just before.
Subaru: “Putting aside the water stuff, how’re we doing with the food? We did fill up on supplies at that city beyond the desert, but we did have a hard time with it.”
Emilia: “You can relax, Subaru, no need to worry about that. Even if it was a little bit of a hassle, the food didn’t just fly off somewhere.  All of it is still in the dragon carriage. But, um….”
Subaru: “No matter how you cut it, it’s not gonna last maybe even a month, is it.”
Even if drinking water was put aside, there was a weight limit on what could be carried on the dragon carriage. Moreover, food needs were not limited to Subaru and the gang. Their partner dragons, Patrasche and Gyan needed food as well. Keeping that fact in mind, they had stocked up on a month’s worth of food.
To escape only with their lives in hand, was not the goal they were aiming for with the Tower’s trials. Thus, they had only a month’s time to properly conquer the Pleiades Watchtower and head off to the nearest town.
Their deadline was just that one month.
「――――」
Subaru: “That said, I really don’t plan on being here for the whole month.”
Emilia: “Subaru…”
Noticing a hint of worry in her eyes, Subaru smiled.
They had a deadline and their challenges were many, but if they shied away from them, nothing would start.
Subaru: “Anyhow, in just one day… Ah, well, I got us off to a late start, so to be fair, it’s the third day since we got to the Tower but, we’ve already cleared the first『Trial』and Emilia-tan easily nabbed her victory in the second.”
Emilia: “It, it really wasn’t ‘easily nabbed’, though…
Subaru: “You’re supposed to season this part with a good bluff, so it’s completely fine.”
He pointed his finger at Emilia, arrogance at full throttle, then pulled Beatrice closer to him and placed his chin on top of her head.
That way, both Subaru and Beatrice were looking up at Emilia.
Subaru: “Doesn’t matter if the opponent’s the former strongest『Sword Saint』or whatever. Beako and I are gonna lambast one-eyed skirt chasing chopsticks bastard’s face in with our brilliant strategies.
Beatrice: “That is so, I suppose. Lambast his face in, in fact.”
Emilia: “Lambast….”
Subaru: “No one really says lambast anymore these days.”
Emilia: “No count! That’s so unfair! You two kept saying it so..!”
Having fallen into their trap, Emilia puffed up her red-dyed cheeks.
As they added in a new pattern to their usual back and forth, Emilia sighed as her worry faded a bit more.
Emilia: “Un, fine I get it, I get it just fine. Hearing it coming from Subaru makes it feel like it was really easy. But that makes you sound just as reliable.”
Subaru: “Yeah, just have faith, keep on hoping and keep on loving me. That’s why I’m your knight, after all.”
Emilia: “That’s right, isn’t it? I’ll be in your care, then, my dearest knight.”
Subaru: “Uh, just now, you didn’t deny the love part so I’m kinda giddy…”
Emilia: “――?”
The whisper of love he had mixed into their usual banter seemed to have slipped off, so he felt slightly disappointed. Well, even if he had been properly answered, his feeling of being flustered would not have gone away, so it was actually better this way.
In any case――,
Subaru: “I know it’s a bit late to ask, but isn’t it kinda weird that Emilia-tan’s the one who was told to bring the water? This is the kind of work that’s supposed to be… not really done by your Knight but, isn’t it supposed to be the kind of work that underlings do?”
Emilia: “It’s really fine. You might be my Knight, but I don’t want our relationship to be that of a master and servant’s. I just want you to keep this in mind, so just quietly be spoiled. You’re recovering right now.”
Subaru: “What’s up with that, Emilia-tan!? If you’re gonna pamper me so much, I’m gonna die from happiness!”
Emilia: “Besides that, I’m in charge of today’s dinner! I want to do everything by myself!”
Beatrice: “It seems like she is serious about both statements. That is what makes her so hard to read, I suppose.”
Beatrice let out a short sigh at Emilia’s statement.  And then, as Subaru kept his chin on her head, she waved to Emilia,
Beatrice: “Look, Emilia. Subaru isn’t going to relax as long as you’re here, in fact. You’re delaying preparations for our meal as well, so hurry and be off, I suppose.”
Emilia: “Really? Okay. I’ll see you later then. Look forward to it, kay?”
Beatrice: “We’ll be waiting with『glee』.”
Beatrice sent Emilia off in spineless Subaru’s place. Her response to Emilia’s words reflected a subtle difference in their perceptions.
Emilia: “I’ll call you when it’s done, so don’t go off too far, okay?”
Beatrice: “We’ll be going to the 4th Floor, I suppose. As for if we can hear your calls or not…
Emilia: “Gotcha. I’ll use a louder voice.”
Beatrice: “…okay, okay in fact.”
After exchanging smiles, Emilia went off on her way, bucket in hand, waving her hand as she disappeared around the corner. Once she was sure Emilia was gone, Beatrice looked up to Subaru, who was still resting his chin on her head.
Beatrice: “Now then, I hope you have calmed down, I suppose.”
Subaru: “…Yeah I’m good now. I don’t really get it, but I suddenly thought Emilia-tan was really cute, ya know. Like everything else but Emilia doesn’t have color anymore, so I feel all better now that I got to see her really smile.”
Beatrice: “I don’t understand a word of what you’re saying, it’s worse than usual, in fact! And besides that…”
Subaru: “Besides that?”
He had told Emilia his true feelings in poem format with a straight face. So Beatrice pressed her back against Subaru’s chest and,
Beatrice: “It’s unfair you’re so full of Emilia, I suppose. Your partner is Betty, in fact. Please act with awareness of this fact, I suppose.”
Subaru: “You, you’re really a cute little thing aren’t ya.”
Beatrice: “Mmgyah-! In fact!”
As she seemed too sweet all of a sudden, Subaru picked her up and spun round and round as he rubbed his cheeks against hers.
Subaru: “It’s fine, relax. You’re really important to me too. How do I put it, uh, right now, everything around me looks so beautiful, but you’re looking particularly spectacular. I love you, Beako!”
Beatrice: “W-wawa-Wait! I get it, I get it okay? So let me go already! Let me down, I suppose! I got it already, so let me down, in fact!”
But even as Beatrice shouted, her face beet red, Subaru would not let her down.
And so, he wandered around the halls of the 4th Floor, spinning through each space available, Beatrice still in his arms, with glee.
There was still plenty of time till Emilia would call them for their meal, so their voices would continue painting the halls with cries of joy for some time more.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
Now then, the total time before their meal was not literally spent spinning.
Subaru took his chance to learn from the 4th Floor graded course, presented by Beatrice. She was his senior here, having spent two more days than him actively living in the Tower, so he had a lot to learn.
Though as it may be, in the first place, this place was called a ‘Watchtower’.
However, there was no need to be concerned about it’s habitability, and in fact, nothing extra needed to be done to improve the comfort of living, even in the 4th Floor residential area. The only special rooms were the Green Room, which had become their treatment facility, and the large room which housed the stairs leading to the 3rd and 2nd Floors
Apart from the large stairs leading to the floor below, there were many smaller rooms scattered here and there, with no visible pattern to them.
Subaru: “It feels weird to not have a map, but I’m sure I’d feel even weirder if we had one. This Tower definitely has a creepy design, I’m absolutely sure of it. Really not a fan of these kinds of rattled arrangements of buildings.”
Beatrice: “I wonder what you are even talking about… Usually one would assume the worst of everything, seeing as how distasteful the contents of the『Trials』are, I suppose. Condemning the soul of the creator is a given at this point, in fact.”
Shaula: “Ah! That right there, that’s talking bad about my Master! You ankle-biter, you’re badmouthing my Master! He’s the one who built this Tower, you know! Are you okay with this, Master!? If you’re spoiling her just because she’s little, she’ll grow up all rotten, you know! This’ one of the times you scold them silly! And then, and then, you can spoil me as much as you want after! Come on over here!”
Subaru: “Just shut it already….”
Running her mouth as if she’d slain an ogre(1), Shaula tried finding fault in Beatrice. But in fact, Beatrice said nothing particularly bad, but he felt it was a pain to explain.
There was no point in trying to differentiate between the Subaru, her Master and the『Sage』each and every time. Even more since they were using that misunderstanding to their benefit.
Emilia: “Heeey, stop fooling around all the time. Shaula too, please, be quiet.”
Shaula: “Eeー, I can’t take thiss. This is disscrimination. Discrimination between ankle-biterss.”
Emilia: “If she really does something bad, Subaru will properly scold her and not just spoil her. And since he’s not, it means Beatrice did nothing to get scolded. And besides, it’s only natural that the younger ones are treasured more. We have to be patient, Shaula.”
Beatrice: “Even though Betty is older than everyone else, it does not sit well with me that I am always treated as a child, I suppose…”
Subaru: “Yeah, yeah, just show off how old you are.”
He smiled as he petted Beatrice’s head to calm her down.
In response to Emilia’s call for their meal, all parties concerned gathered in the large room on the 4th Floor―― The place where the dragon carriages and their cargo were being kept.
Everyone but Rem and Anastasia, due to both being unconscious, were present. All sat facing each other.
Everyone except those two, which meant――,
Julius: “――Before we begin, would it be permissible for me to speak for a bit, Emilia-sama?”
He said, being the last one to arrive at the room.
While Julius had been practically thrown into the Green Room to recover from his injuries, his reason for appearing  was definitely not limited to partaking in the meal.
He had refused the proposal of having his food being carried to the Green Room.
And to his answer his question, Emilia, who was managing the place, nodded,
Emilia: “Of course, by all means. But, you don’t really need to ask for my permission, you know.”
Julius: “As Anastasia-sama is currently absent, the one who ought to be respected the most is Emilia-sama. Moreover, my selfish attitude has already inconvenienced you. That it is only limited to this occasion, is something I cannot certainly say.”
He responded to her, everything articulated elegantly as he shook his head.
His humble mannerisms and his honest disposition were both part of his usual nature. However, individuals who would not take his speech in a favorable manner were present as well.
Ram: “How admirable. If you only acted as such beforehand.”
Subaru: “Ram…”
Ram: “We have enough recklessness and stubbornness with Barusu over there. In fact, it is far more natural to be disappointed in a person who seemed sane. I hope you will take care not to repeat this in the future.”
Ram sharply evaluated Julius’ arbitrary actions.
A chill in her voice and eyes were her usual features, but this particular time, Subaru felt her expression was much more stiff. Even if she was harsh as usual, there was a certain hint of concern mixed into her words.
Emilia: “Ram, you went a bit too far this time.”
Ram: “…please accept my sincere apologies, Emilia-sama. From hereafter, I will take more care.”
She immediately apologized for her bitterness, then gave a fleeting nod to Julius. As such, there was no point in further pulling this topic around.
Besides, it wasn’t right to blame Ram for not being as level-headed. He held no grudge, nor felt any hate for Julius. She simply wished to save Rem, and was doing everything in her power to do so.
Julius: “My sincerest apologies to both Madame Ram, and everyone else. I have caused everyone much worry.”
Understanding fully well that Ram’s words were only him reaping what he sowed, Julius bowed his head and dropped the matter from his side as well.
This was what Julius wanted to do before starting their meal.
Subaru did have an inkling for Julius’ previous behavior. So he had already forgiven him for it, but whether Julius forgave himself was an entirely different matter.
This was the first step he took, in order to start the ritual to absolve himself.
Emilia: “Okay! Julius apologized. I accept that apology. With that, I’m all done with this matter.”
Clapping her hands together, Emilia summed up her feelings on the matter. Subaru, followed by Beatrice, nodded.
Subaru: “Well, I’ve already let him have it from my part, so any more would be an embarrassment to our samurai ways.”
Beatrice: “Betty is, I have a similar opinion as well, in fact. It is fine if you simply regain face with future actions, I suppose.”
Julius: “――My thanks.”
He whispered under his breath.
Meili suddenly responded to his whisper of gratitude. While sitting on the floor with her legs stretched out, she fiddled with her braid as she spoke,
Meili: “Isn’t it fine~? He didn’t die after all~ And I’m not particularly concerned about Mr. Knight either way~”
Shaula: “Master’s saying no problem ‘ere, so I’ve got no problemss either. No-pass~”
Subaru: “Yeah no, no pass is something entirely different…”
Meili’s thoughts were likely exactly as she put them, rather than consideration for Julius. Shaula, who agreed, was in the same boat.
Apart from Shaula, who was affiliated with the Tower and whose true standing was still a mystery, Meili’s position in all of this was vague as well.
And so――,
“――――”
Only Ram did not respond directly to Julius’ apology, not saying a word about whether she forgave him or not.
She simply put her white robe over her head and stared down at her meal.
Julius wordlessly accepted that. Everyone did the same. This alone was a personal matter, everyone felt it would be best to leave it at that.
Emilia: “――Well then, let’s dig in. Ram and I were cooks for today.”
Ram: “We couldn’t use fire, so we put a bit of our manliness into it. Otherwise, it should be decent.”
Emilia: “Hmm, that’s right. It’s reeally decent…. Doesn’t decent sound a bit weird?”
Her voice reminded everyone of their current state. Even though she tilted her head to pose the question, neither Ram nor anyone else followed up on it.
Anyhow, following this exchange, everyone sat to have their precious meal.
Most of the food being carried in the dragon carried were either smoked or dried rations, so naturally, the food would be coarse and tough―― However, magic proved to be of great use here as well.
Through the use of Emilia’s special Ice Magic, it was possible to create a pocket refrigerator in the dragon carriage, allowing fresh ingredients to be stored for long periods of time.
Because of this, the party was able to have plenty of fresh fruits, balancing their diet with the steady slew of dry meat.
Emilia: “We still have to use the foodstuff that spoils easily fast.”
Subaru: “We’re really lucky to even be able to worry about that, you know. Really, you’re E-M-S (Emilia-tan, Maji Shoku no Megami)! With this journey and all, I’m sure your cooking’s gotten even better, so maybe make miso soup every morning for the rest of my life?”
Emilia: “I’m sorry, I don’t understand what you’re saying.”
It was true, however, the rise in Emilia’s cooking skills.
At the request of Emilia herself, cooking on this journey, was being done in rotations. Of course, it was a given that Emilia never cooked by herself, instead learning by following another cook’s footsteps.
Thanks to that, there was no one who kept burning their daisukiyaki platter pitch black.
Because she was put in charge of the part of cooking that did not involve platter.
By the way, the only people who could actually cook, among the members partaking in this journey, were Subaru, who picked up this skill over his year of being a servant at the mansion, Julius, who apparently could do whatever he set his mind to, and finally  Ram, whose cooking was surprisingly decent.
Even on their way to Priestella, the only people who put themselves on cooking duty were the male trio of Subaru, Otto and Garfiel, who then decided their order through rock-paper-scissors.
Leaving that aside――,
Ram: “――staring at me like that, do you have anything to say?”
Subaru: “…nah, like, I know it’s been over a month now, since we’ve started this journey and all but, I still can’t really believe it. That Ram can cook.”
Ram: “I was wondering what you were going to say but this is just…”
Using his meaningful stare as an excuse, Ram sighed, unwilling to hide any of her distaste for him.
Ram: “The only reason Ram doesn’t go near the kitchen is not because Ram can’t cook, but because she doesn’t want to. I’m not going to touch any kind of cooking that does not involve steamed sweet potatoes.”
Subaru: “So that’s why…. Well, that’s that then.”
Ram: “Hmm, that’s that… I wonder why I make an exception just for steamed sweet potatoes though.”
Her face crumbled into a complex expression as she questioned her own preferences herself. As Subaru gazed at her profile, he let out his own sigh.
No matter what household chore it was, Ram was always behind Rem.
Now, as all traces of Rem was erased from the world, Subaru observed that their sisterly bond might have not been the same as their face-value.
In truth, Ram was supposed to be able to perform any kind of task assigned to her, regardless of whether it was present in her list of duties as a maid. Thus it may be that Rem’s absence has nothing to do with her abilities in the first place.
In other words, if Ram thought about doing it, she could do whatever she wanted when Rem was still in good health. The reason she did not was most likely related to―― Not her laziness.
Subaru: “――――”
Subaru felt like he should not dig up those particular things.
The present Ram certainly knew nothing of that. And if Rem returns, he felt it would be unnecessary to bring it up anyway.
When she returns, that is.
Subaru: “I kinda guessed that’s how it’s gonna be, but you really have no table manners, do you?”
Shaula: “*munch, munch*… Huh? Master, Did you just say ssomething?”
She blinked a few times at Subaru, who looked at her with a scowl.
In this world, there were not few in number, top-class beauties who completely wasted their good looks. Shaula had to be the top-class of that top-class, to the point that she was on par with Liliana.
As she brought food to her mouth, Shaula scratched her head with her other hand.
Subaru: “Oi, don’t talk with food in your mouth. Eat or talk, do one.”
Shaula: “Okaay, then I’ll talk with Master! I can talk to my Master for all eternity.”
Subaru: “Who’d wanna get into a chat with you like this!… Just be quiet and eat.”
Shaula: “Okaaays.”
While he had to feel a bit of respect for her level of loyalty, wanting to prioritise talking to Subaru above eating and such, he also felt that precisely because she was so ready to obey that her risk level was actually so low.
Indeed, her nature as a person and her ability in every other respect and the level of danger she posed to everyone was in utter imbalance.
Meili: “Say, barely-clothed onee-san~ You really have a, um, voracious way of eating, were you really that hungry~?
Shaula: “Nah, it’s just that this food’s ssuper tasty! I didn’t really think eating’s that big of a deal, just get something in and be done with it if I get a say, but if it’s really this tassty, I wouldn’t mind becoming that half-devil’s disciple!
Emilia: “Eh? My disciple? As in, in cooking?”
Instead of stopping at Meili’s point, she went beyond the topic and snapped her finger to Emilia as she swallowed down whatever she was munching on. Emilia jumped, startled, while Shaula continued to shake her head up and down,
Shaula: “This cooking’ss pretty good. You can’t fool me. I’m gonna take up cooking too, get good at it right away and make my way into Master’s heart through his stomach, and not let him get any sleep tonight!”
Meili: “Your real intentions are leaking there~”
Emilia: “Shaula, I understand your feelings. But you know, the way of the cook is a hard-trodden path. If you’re really ready, I’ll put some serious thought into taking you in as my disciple.”
Subaru: “Emilia-tan, you’re really cheeky about the weirdest things, ya know.”
Besides, 70% of today’s cooking was likely the result of Ram’s work. So it was hilarious to watch Emilia act like she had figured out everything there was to cooking, and Shaula who was a bit too taken in by amateur-level cooking.
Subaru: “I feel like I gotta get this out here, but there’s a lotta tasty stuff out there. Emilia-tan’s cooking is, uh… Well, it gets full marks just because she did it but, putting that aside, it’s pretty average. What are you usually eating anyway?”
Shaula: “Thank you for asking me, Masster. My eating habits aren’t really anything special. I’m usually filling myself by roasting whatever I take down.”
Subaru: “Whatever you take down… Eh, wait, do you mean those Demon Beasts from outside?”
Shaula listened to Subaru’s question, then folded her arms under her voluptuous mounds and nodded repeatedly
To have a steady diet of Demon Beasts was too weird to be a normal thing. So to take the advice of a specialist, Subaru turned to Beatrice and posed the natural question with his look.
Subaru: “I know we just talked about not drinking water that’s mixed with the Miasma a while ago but,”
Beatrice: “I don’t even want to think if Demon Beast meat is good for the body or not, in fact. It’s only that, it’s not something that’s so dangerous, that it’ll have an immediate bad effect, I suppose.”
Julius: “According to certain records, there were a few researchers who had set out to eat Demon Beast meat in the past.”
As Subaru undid the wrinkles between Beatrice’s brows with his fingers, Julius brought up an interesting piece of information.
As everyone’s expressions urged him to continue after he stopped, Julius closed one eye and began anew,
Julius: “As we are already aware, Demon Beasts have a habit of attacking people. Be it in the middle of their march or during a long journey, if one were hard-pressed enough for food, they could find Demon Beasts aplenty, wandering within restricted territories. After all, they never think of hiding. Demon Beasts will always come to attack. If one defeats them, then it was obvious that a good source of food would be obtained. There should be no doubt that there were individuals who truly thought this.”
Subaru: “Well, did that go end well for them?”
Julius: “To improve their situation for nourishment, they had apparently faced many twists and turns, gone through many trials and errors. However, no such improvement was found. Of course, those who ate it found it to not be poisonous but…”
Subaru: “But?”
Julius: “It seems there is a problem with the taste.”
Subaru looked amazed, that it turned out to be a problem of taste.
If it tasted bad, then it was fine to cover it up with various spices or other condiments. It was true that the meat of wild beasts had this raw and earthy taste, but if it wasn’t poisonous, then they ought to have at least tried a bit harder.
Julius: “That was as far as it was recorded in literature. Miss Shaula, what is your personal experience with it?”
Shaula: “It tastes like sand that’s been rinsed in ssewage water. Totally.”
Subaru: “Ah, it’s the kind where spices won’t help.”
Shaula: “If Master wants to try some, I’ll whole roast a Hungry Horse King. It’s so disgusting, you get super addicted. I’m lying.”
After finding out what unimaginable thing her 400 year diet was, everyone unanimously decided to no longer blame her poor table manners.
Subaru politely declined the whole roasted Hungry Horse King offer. In the first place, that particularly disturbing Demon Beast was already on fire.
Subaru: “I thought having to worry about food was an actual problem, but…”
He popped himself down and covered his face.
At the end of his vision, there was Shaula, her entire face lit with a smile so bright, it could bring tears to others as she stuffed a variety of food into her mouth, and Emilia, who looked on as Shaula ate, her feelings of motherhood being further stimulated, which could potentially lead her to further improve her cooking.
One month, that was the amount of time left to them, which accounted for all of their food, including their excess.
And if Shaula kept up the pace at which she ate, their time limit might just decrease even further, Subaru thought.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
Once their meal was over and they had their baths in the spring water (consisting of mainly wiping their bodies), the day was over and it was time to go to bed.
In light of their present situation, it could be said that the Tower Conquest Team ought to spend the night trying to come up with a plan to break through their current stalemate, but at present, everyone felt that it would not work like that.
To expect tomorrow’s matters to be solved by their tomorrow’s selves―― Might have been more appropriate than given credit for.
Subaru: “Not like we’re just gonna get smacked in the face with it. Let’s take a bit more time.”
Given what the contents of the 2nd Floor’s『Trial』was, worst case scenario, they might have to go in again the next day without a plan at all.
Instead of thinking up a workaround, hit it with all you have――　Though in truth, they all wanted to avoid actually breaking him apart. At the very least their examiner, the First Generation『Sword Saint』, had no intention of killing them.
Or maybe they could even find a way to overcome this particular obstacle simply from conversing with him. Just like how Emilia had pried out her winning conditions from him simply by talking.
Subaru: “Well, gotta do what I gotta do to keep my head straight. So I have to eat well, rest well, and always be at peak performance.”
He thought as he pinched both his cheeks, then put all his worries away for the day.
For the most part, Emilia and the others agreed with Subaru’s point―― or rather, they were so demotivated, they had no choice but to.
And with that, the night’s meeting was over. Each left for a dragon carriage, which they were using as a makeshift bedroom, to rest and prepare for the next day. At least, that was supposed to be the case.
Beatrice: “Subaru, Betty will be with Emilia and the others, in fact.”
Subaru: “O-oh, gotcha. Sorry for making you worry, Beako. Don’t stay up too late. You’ll stop growing and get stuck in your small size… Wait, that’s pretty cute. Alright, Beako, remember to stay up late.”
Beatrice: “You don’t have to worry, Betty won’t grow any taller than this, I suppose. I’ll be cute forever, in fact. So I’ll be like this even if I sleep early, I suppose.”
After yawning, Subaru waved to Beatrice before she parted, led by Emilia as she held her hand.
Subaru: “Emilia-tan, take care of Beako. See ya tomorrow.”
Emilia: “Un, see you tomorrow…. Subaru, don’t stay up too late either, okay?”
Instead of directly telling him not to, Emilia said her piece and headed down the Great Stairway to the lower floor. Once she was out of sight, Subaru stretched a few times, then walked down the 4th Floor’s passage.
His destination was obvious. A door that was covered in ivy, the entrance to the Green Room.
And there――,
Julius: “Is that you, Subaru?”
Subaru: “…ah, it’s you.”
In front of the room, Subaru ran into Julius, who watched him with eyes wide.
Just when he was about to enter the room, Subaru arrived, so he squinted at him for a good moment, then immediately pulled back his chin knowingly.
Julius: “I understand. It seems we share the same reason for entering this room.”
Subaru: “I’m pretty sure we have different people in mind… So, should I give it up to you tonight?”
Julius: “No need…”
Shaking his head at Subaru’s proposal, Julius looked to the closed door. A moment of silence followed, then the pair of yellow eyes were once again pointed at Subaru.
And then he took a step back from the door.
Julius: “This time, it is I who ought to give it up for you. Thinking back, you were unconscious for two entire days until this morning. I did inform her of your well being afterwards, but I’m sure she yearned for your presence at night nevertheless.”
Subaru: “…yeah, well, if you’re giving it up for me, I’ll just gladly take you up on your offer.”
Imitating his elegant style, Subaru scratched his head while stealing quick glances at Julius.
He found no signs of displeasure in Julius’ expression, but Subaru was bad at trying to find out someone else’s feelings in the first place. That went double for anyone who hid their true feelings. It was practically impossible for him at that point.
Subaru: “You okay? I’m pretty sure you want to tag along.”
So he sighed and simply spoke what was on his mind.
Julius gave a thin smile,
Julius: “If possible, I would most definitely want to be at Anastasia-sama’s side when she wakes up…. It’s only that, I feel I will be unable to find the words to speak to her when she does.  It is true that I am feeling lost about this aspect. It is most deplorable.”
Subaru: “It’s fine if you open with ‘I was very worried, so I’m glad you’ve awakened’. The problem is with what comes next. That… uh, well, I’ll leave that to you.”
Julius: “Pfft-”
Subaru: “Oi, why’d you laugh. I’m being pretty serious ya know.”
Even if he was being serious, it seemed that Julius did not take too fondly to it. He then turned on his heels, turning his back to Subaru, who wore a surprised expression.
Julius: “You’re able to freely say what you want.―― I envy that.”
Subaru: “Kinda feels more like you’re calling me an idiot. Oi, where’re you going.”
Julius: “I’m relinquishing my time to you. I’ll return to the dragon carriage and take rest. I feel slightly worn-out from today’s activities.”
Raising his hand while keeping Subaru at his back, Julius told him before leaving.
Whether he felt well enough to joke about the『Trial』tiring him slightly, or whether he was simply putting up a front, was something Subaru could not tell.
He couldn’t tell but――,
Subaru: “――Julius, it’s better if you’re there when Anastasia wakes up after all. When I’m done with my stuff, I’ll head over to get you, so you better do just that.”
Julius: “――――”
Subaru: “I’ll let ya know beforehand, but I’m pretty sure I’ve got a lot more regrets on my back than you. So this is my advice. Just take it.”
He shouted at the back that disappeared into the hallway. Whether Julius heard or not, he was unsure as there was no reply. However, Julius would definitely not take it the wrong way. At least, Subaru believed that.
Subaru: “I’m coming in.”
With a shake of his head, he threw away all considerations he had for Julius, Subaru pushed the door open and took a step into the Green Room. The room, illuminated by a dim and faint glow, still remained dominated by greenery, with two girls who lay asleep on a bed of ivy.
Anastasia on the bed near the entrance, and Rem on the bed further back.
Subaru: “And you’re at the back too, huh.”
Patrasche: “――――”
She let out a low growl for the visiting Subaru. As if the jet-black dragon knew he would come.
Maybe she did know. Spontaneously, she moved away to make space for Subaru to sit on her bed of ivy.
Subaru: “Really, you’re one hell of a girl… Those wounds are healing up nicely too, eh.”
With a bitter smile, Subaru traced her black scales with his hands.
The wounds she had received during the time they were fighting against the Hungry Horse King underground had healed nicely over the past three days. Normally, she wouldn’t let Subaru know the true extent of her injuries. Now, however, she was genuinely focused on recovering instead of putting up a strong front.
Subaru: “Really, can’t thank this spirit enough. If it weren’t for this room, who knows how hard this whole thing would’ve turned out to be.”
Even at the risk of losing his life, Subaru would never voice that it was good Patrasche got off with shallow wounds. No wounds would always be the best outcome, but he did feel lucky that that was the extent of injuries anyone had received during their ride through the Augria Sand Dunes.
The only ones injured in that event were only Subaru and Patrasche. That they were able to come back up to above-functioning standard was all thanks to this Green Room.
Adding the injured duo of Julius and Anastasia from the 2nd Floor’s Trial『Trial』, the existence of the Green Room was indeed miraculous. As if someone had known this might happen and left it prepared beforehand.
Subaru: “Well then.”
Once he was done affirming his love for Patrasche, Subaru took a deep breath before heading towards the bed further inside the room―― Towards Rem.
When there, the ivy shifted like flowing silk, gathering into a spot to make a sort-of chair for him to sit on.
Subaru: “Really, man, there should be a limit to how nice you can be.”
Even though he had just expressed his everlasting gratitude for the Green Room’s spirit, he felt like it was taken as flattery for even better treatment.
That was far from his intention, but he took the offer anyway.
Subaru: “Julius did mention Rem’s been missing me at night, huh…”
That was his mistake.
That wasn’t the case at all. Because, the one who was waiting to speak late at night, when no one would bother them, wasn’t but Rem, but it was surely Subaru.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
――Subaru noticed something was off when he felt his shoulders being lightly shaken.
Subaru: “――uh?”
Raising his face from the bed, he blinked several times. Contrary to physical reactions, the mind was usually much slower to react.
And slowly, his mind returned to him. Then he noticed.
Subaru: “Did… Did I fall asleep?”
Hand on his chin, Subaru pondered the surprising fact that he actually fell asleep.
It seemed that he was still in the Green Room, still sitting on that ivy chair right beside Rem’s bed, and it seemed he had fallen asleep in that very position. However, he felt that the shape of his chair was somehow different from what he remembered.
The chair in his memories had no backside. But now, the chair had a large backside to support him in his sleep, and it had taken an almost egg-like shape to conform to his comfort as much as possible. The spirit was just too damn nice.
It was so comfortable, it turned yawns into actual sleep.
Subaru: “Means I was pretty tired too… Eh, Patrasche?”
Muttering about him dozing off, Subaru turned to Patrasche―― The kind lady who had nudged him with her long tail to wake him.
Curled up over the ivy bed, his beloved dragon likely woke him to alert him to something. Subaru squinted at where she was staring and…
Subaru: “――uwah, no way.”
…jumped off his chair and rushed over to the bed that was by the Green Room’s entrance door―― The one Anastasia was supposed to be occupying.
It’s ‘supposed to be’ because she was not there. And once it hit Subaru, his face lost color.
Subaru: “E-even though I gave Julius an earful about this…”
Only because he dozed off, Julius could not greet Anastasia when she woke up. He couldn’t even face him if he wanted to with this.
――Unfortunately, that was not the only problem.
Subaru: “She got up, and then…? Where’d she go? The toilet? Without waking me?”
It wasn’t really a matter of whether she had actually gone to the toilet. It was that Anastasia―― No, more like Echidna, had woken up and snuck out of the room without so much as a word of notice to Subaru, who was right there.
To think she disappeared right after the 2nd Floor『Trial』―― Did she go to challenge Reid again, just like Julius? Man I don’t wanna imagine that.
Subaru: “The bed’s still warm… Gotta go look for her.”
Her bed was still slightly warm. There was the fact that Patrasche had woken him up as well.
Meant it hasn’t been too long since Anastasia left, most likely.
Subaru: “Patrasche! I’m leaving Rem to you! And, right, thanks for waking me!”
Patrasche: “――”
Shortening his reply as much as he could, Subaru waved to Patrasche before heading out.
Unable to figure out where exactly she could even go, his heart throbbed faster. If it were Subaru in her place, he’d first want to make sure Emilia and Beatrice were okay―― If so, then naturally, she would be heading towards where Julius was.
Subaru: “No, wait, it’s Scarf-Dona who’s inside her right now. No way it’s gonna be anything simple. But then…”
He did not have enough manpower to tackle this problem. Even if it meant exposing his embarrassment of dozing off to others, for now, he needed to reach out to the others and get their help in finding Anastasia――.
Subaru: “――huh?”
And on his way down the stairs to call the others, he stopped.
He was dumbfounded. He found something incredibly abnormal, something that should definitely not be inside of the tower.
Subaru: “――――”
That something swiftly flew across Subaru’s stunned face.
With white wings spread wide in the narrow hallway, a bird attempted to find it’s way out.
Subaru: “Why’s there a bird… inside the tower?”
The words rolled out of his mouth at the sight of a bird, an existence that shouldn’t be inside of the tower.
The Watch Tower Pleiades had no windows. It was a building that was completely closed off from the outside world, with the only connection being the giant door on the 5th Floor.
At the very least, Subaru thought as much, and his guide for the 4th Floor, Beatrice herself had said she could not even sense the presence of a window that could lead outside.
Subaru: “――tch! W-wait up!”
Feeling something was very off, right before he started rushing after the bird, for a moment, he hesitated. Should he follow after the bird, or should he call someone and find Anastasia first, then discuss the bird issue?
He chose to follow the bird, however. To lose sight of that bird here, he felt, might lead to an even greater danger down the road. Simply put, it was a gut feeling.
Subaru: “――――”
Of course, birds were not such gentle creatures, to listen to Subaru and stop flying simply because he called after them. Gently it flew away from Subaru, further and further, deeper into the hallway.
He chased and chased and chased, and before long――.
Subaru: “――!? It disappeared?! Wh-the hell!”
He shouted when he reached the end of the hallway.
The hallway itself was circular, taking after the shape of the tower. However, it was not connected like that, because at around half-circle, a wall stopped further progression.
It was like a clock. If one started at 12:00, they could go till 06:00 both clockwise and counter-clockwise, but no more than that either way.
Subaru knew that, and as long as none of the doors were opened, he was certain he could catch the bird, but――.
Subaru: “Doesn’t look like it slammed into the wall and fell. What the hell’s going on here?”
Confused as to where that pair of wings had disappeared, he surveyed his surroundings over and over.
Unfortunately, there were no open rooms the bird could enter. It appeared suddenly and disappeared just as suddenly. He felt like he was wrapped around the smoky veil of a dream.
But he soon confirmed he was not dreaming.
Subar: “These―― These are feathers, right?”
On his way back out of the hallway, he found white feathers fallen on the ground. While he still held his doubts, looking at it from a situational perspective, these white feathers definitely belonged to that bird he was chasing.
They were proof the bird definitely existed. He could very well take them to Emilia and the others and say ‘There was a bird inside of the tower!’, but it would ultimately lead to nothing.
Most of all, it wouldn’t lead to where Anastasia disappeared off to――,
Subaru: “Wait, wait… If there’s feathers lying around here, then-”
There should be something here.
He searched the wall and floor around the place where the feathers had fallen while thinking that. He examined the stone floor and ceiling, checked the nearby rooms, and even pressed the stone bricks of the walls.
However, nothing came of it, and he only felt his pulse quicken with each passing moment.
I should really go get help――
It was precisely at that moment,
Subaru: “Ah――!?”
It was when he was moving his palm over the place the feathers had fallen. His fingers had brushed against the wall right beside there, or so he had thought. In reality, he realized his fingers had slipped through the wall, as if it were an illusion.
Even when he carefully tried to press his fingers against it, they went through, so he wasn’t seeing things.
Subaru: “But, I’m pretty sure I’ve checked the walls around here pretty well.”
That was not to say he had failed in searching properly, but only that the wall above his waist, from where it was an illusion, was solid.
An illusionary wall that covered up the entrance―― The last time he saw something like this was back when Petelgeuse and the Witch Cult were hiding in that cavern.
Subaru: “Risk it all to win it all, huh.”
If one went into a crawl, they could pass through the illusionary wall.
After a good moment of hesitation, he decided to crawl through and get to the other side. The bird had gotten in through this way, most likely.
If this led to the outside of the tower, or maybe to another part of the tower, then――.
Subaru: “Puah!”
The darkness beyond the wall did not last as long as he expected.
He dove out of the illusionary wall and took a deep breath, like someone coming back up from a dive underwater. He was holding his breath while inside that darkness for no apparent reason.
He quickly noticed the outside air―― A cool breeze flew across his face.
Subaru: “――woa-”
He opened his eyes, slowly adjusting them to the darkness of the outside world.
Spreading out in all directions over the vast horizon was a sea of sand, the Augria Sand Dunes, seen from a height unfathomable by Subaru. And watching over this spectacle was the dark sky, spotted with countless twinkling stars.
And there――,
Subaru: “――――”
In the place that was supposedly the Tower’s balcony, her purple hair shining under starlight, surrounded by flocks of birds, was Anastasia.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※


Chapter 32
ーーBefore the unforeseen spectacle, Subaru couldn’t be anything but dumbfounded as he gazed in amazement.

It was a night wherein curious occurrences were happening consecutively.
Starting from him unintentionally dozing off, to running about in search of Anastasia = Eridna who had disappeared from the Green Room, catching sight of a bird which was not supposed to be inside the tower and chasing after it. Losing sight of that bird at a dead end, and finding a concealed passage by investigating the familiar walls and floorーー,

Subaru: “ーーAfter emerging from the tunnel, what lay before was a country of snow. ”

The persiflage he spilled out made no contribution to explain this queer spectacle.
What Subaru had passed through was not a wall or a tunnel, and neither what lay before his eyes was a snow country, a night where the wind was blowing through the sand sea.
Twinkling stars emerged in the dark sky, and the dim scenery of sand dunes stretching afar was visible from the watchtower’s balcony.
Nothing corresponded with Subaru’s words. Instead of thatーー,

???: “Natsuki-kun?”

Hearing Subaru’s husky mumbling, a person’s shadow, with hair dancing in the wind, turned towards him.
The young girl held her purple wavy hair down with her handーー spherical pale cerulean eyes, skin so fair it was distinctly visible in the darkness, possessor of a lovely appearance.
It was Anastasia, whom he had been searching. Subaru hesitated for a single instant upon her call,

Subaru: “……It sure is the ideal spot with a picturesque scenery in the middle of the night, huh.”

Hiding his initial astonishment under his tongue, Subaru shrugged his shoulders before Anastasia. Upon his gesture and the topic he brought up, Anastasia smiled faintly saying “Sure ‘s.”

Anastasia: “‘s true the view’s great. But, it sure’s sad that the scenery’s all black. Would’ve been different had jus’ the town been visible far away too.”

Subaru: “That’s true, but the charm of glancing into the sea of night isn’t so bad either, you know. Besides, even if you say that…….”

Saying so, Subaru pointed his finger towards the sky, instead of the unbroken view. Hooked by that, Anastasia too looked up into the skyーー visible was the entirety of the starry sky.

Subaru: “The air is cold and clear, and stars are really visible. It sure is romantic, isn’t it?”

Anastasia: “‘s true the stars are pretty, n’ I agree the air’s clear…… but it makes you feel somethin’ aside from jus’ viewin’ the stars, no?”

Subaru: “And that something would be?”

Anastasia: “The fact that the stars’re visible itself. Was there ever a night where the stars were visible in the desert up till now?”

Told so by Anastasia in seeming amazement, Subaru clapped his hands saying “A~h”.
What she had pointed out, it was indeed marvelous to be able to view the stars from the balcony like this should the journey through the sand sea up until now be taken into consideration. It was impossible to spot the glitter of stars from the areas surrounding Pleiades Watchtower.
Becauseーー,

Anastasia: “The miasma’s dark n’ thick, and must’ve spanned across the sky like clouds, after all.”

Subaru: “For that to not be here means that just this tower alone is unaffected by the miasma……. or perhaps, it may be at a height above the enshrouding miasma.”

Anastasia: “At this height, well, that ain’t impossible.”

Though he noticed only after viewing the scenery from the balcony, their current altitudeーー the level pertaining to the fourth layer of the watchtower was not at an height of a few dozens of meters above ground but at an altitude of several hundreds of meters. Though it did not actually feel that way, the stairway from the fifth layer up to the fourth layer was of that length is what it meant.

Subaru: “……But still, I don’t know if it’s accurate to judge distance in the middle of the tower from this spot.”

Standing parallel to the outer wall, Subaru looked up towards the tower instead of the scenery from the balcony and sighed.
If his conjecture was correct, regardless of being at a position above the miasma, the summit of the tower, seemingly piercing through the clouds, could not possibly be seen. It was far too high up, regardless of the darkness.
That is why the stairway to the second floor had greater than four hundred steps. Therefore it was unquestionable that the tower was wasteful with regards to the outside.
Anyhowーー,

“ーーーー”

Restraining his thoughts regarding the stars and the tower’s height, Subaru had his eyes glance towards Anastasia. Elegantly having her lips smile, with her hands behind her hips, Anastasia made no suspicious movement.
All signs of vigilance or hostility were nonexistent as well.
At the very least, he confirmed she possessed no unconcealed animosityーー,

Subaru: “ーーSo, what’s your excuse for this situation?”

Anastasia: “Excuse?”

Subaru: “Stealthily leaving the bedroom late at night, going through a secret passage nobody knows about, playing with birds in the night’s breeze…… way too suspicious.”

Subaru raised his jaw and questioned Anastasia, who had a mystified expression.

Birdsーー yes, birds.
In this place, the two of Subaru and Anastasia were facing each other but multiple other spectators crowded the balcony aside from just those two.
With not the slightest movement, they were birds which continued watching over the situation like artificial articles.

“ーーーー”

Not one or two birds, they were not in such gentle numbers at all.
The number of birds halted on the outer edge of the balcony with their wings resting was lower than fifty. Numbers which would make one think it was an entire horde, but the reason he hesitated to label it as a horde was because the variety of the birds was not uniform.

A white bird, a blue bird, a black bird, a spotted bird, a large bird, a tiny bird, a slim bird, a plump bird, birds of mixed variety with no sense of oneness had assembled as a single set.
That truth alone was quite bizarre, but what made Subaru feel even more ominous was the behaviour of the birds which had constructed this spectacle.

ーーDespite such a multitude of birds present, not even a single flap could be heard, let alone a chirp.

It was not confirmed if birds had the intelligence to mutually understand each other’s will.
But at the very least, these birds without any sense of oneness, had their intent determined as one.

Anastasia: “It can’t be helped that Natsuki-kun’d feel uneasy like this but……”

Regarding such suspicion of Subaru’s, Anastasia had her hand touch her cheek.

Anastasia: “Secret passage, that’s really an exaggeration, ain’t it? After all, Natsuki-kun managed comin’ here too.”

Subaru: “That’s…… well, the bird sort of led me, you know.”

Anastasia: “In that case, that’s the same for me too. I was just strollin’ inside the tower at night. Then a bird jumped outta nowhere. I got curious wonderin’ what was up with that, n’ ended up gettin’ here.”

“ーーーー”

Anastasia: “Why, won’tcha trust me?”

Anastasia straitened her eyes, as she let a bird she was holding with both of her hands fly freely into the sky.
Though obvious, it was not a convincing explanation. He had no basis to deny it, but there’s no way something so convenient happened. Pigeonholing himself, that was the conclusion Subaru arrived at.

Subaru: “This bird is……”

Anastasia: “I wonder, what’s up with these kids.”

Subaru: “ーー~hk. That’s, what I want to ask.”

The gaze of the birds watching their exchange from a distance felt apprehensive, though the same also went for the evasive Anastasia’s attitude.
It was difficult to read emotions in the eyes of birds, or perhaps they truly wielded no emotion, he could feel the alienation which would make him think that way.
Just what are these birds, this balcony, this Anastasia thinking.

Subaru: “Knowing nothing like me…… that is way too convenient a story for me to swallow.”

Anastasia: “I’d also like to say somethin’ about Natsuki-kun not knowin’ anythin’…… but, it’s really troublin’. Everythin’s been so confusin’ ever after comin’ here.”

Dear oh dear, saying so whilst putting one hand on her eyebrows, Anastasia displayed behaviour of drowning in lamentation. Looking at that Anastasia without letting his guard down, Subaru suddenly remembered something about birds.

ーーThat birds fly over Augria Sand Dunes, in the direction of Pleiades Watchtower.

He had heard that in the bar they had stopped by to prepare for crossing over the sand sea in order to head towards the tower. The bartender told them to look for birds in case they get puzzled over the way through the desert.
Fortunately, Subaru and the rest did not make a blunder like being stranded in the desert so it turned out to be a warning he almost entirely forgot about butーー,

Subaru: “Looking at this now, makes me think that was not necessarily just some rumour.”

Despite receiving Subaru’s whispering, the birds gave no response.
They merely had their wings folded silently, and were letting their wings rest as if they despised flying in twilight.
Despite being exposed to the chilling breeze, they did not huddle close to each other and refrained from sharing warmth. They merely had their gaze towards Subaru and Anastasia like exquisite dolls.

Anastasia: “These kids’re always like that. I’m at a loss too.”

Subaru: “Judging from my experience that’s a bit impossible for me to believe.”

Anastasia: “Judging from experience, you say?”

Subaru: “Based on my experience, upon heedlessly coming across a scene like this, it’s generally promised that your life is in danger.”

Subaru had an abundance of near-death experience due to his heedless behaviour.
Starting from being beaten to death by Rem, when he was loitering around the old mansion at night.
A lot of stuff happened back then which is being left out, but Subaru’s experience taught and made him conclude that heedless behaviour = death in its essence.
And judging from those experiences of his, he thought of this situation to be quite dangerousーー,

Anastasia: “If that’s so, then better add a new pattern to those judgements based on experiences of yers. That won’t be happenin’ this time.”

“ーーーー”

Anastasia: “For the cowardly Natsuki-kun, the worst probability is if I’m plottin’ somethin’. So I lured you to this tower and spun up some outrageous conspiracy, to harm Natsuki-kun or Emilia-san and the rest beyond repair is what you thought…… isn’t it?”

Having gotten struck at the bull’s eye, Subaru slightly stiffened himself up.
Looking at how Subaru was acting, Anastasia smiled saying “Easy to get”.

Anastasia: “Relax. I’m not thinkin’ about somethin’ so roundabout, n’ I’ve no hostility against Natsuki-kun. Nor for anyone else, in this tower…… ah, not countin’ the trial takers.”

Subaru: “Shaula and Reid, huh.”

“ーーーー”

The moment he voiced those names, Anastasia silenced herself with a bitter expression.
Looking at that response, Subaru spilled his voice saying “Ah”.

Subaru: “You didn’t hear about it cause you were sleeping, right? About that guy who newly appeared for the『Trial』of the second layer…… he is Reid Astrea. The first generation『Sword Saint』. It seems like the arrangement was to have him appear from the past.”

Anastasia: “This tower, has a questionably outrageous layout…… I wonder, just what was it’s creator thinking.”

Receiving Subaru’s explanation, Anastasia lowered her voice and added one more thing at the end of her repulsed comment. Sensing the omission of the Kararagi dialect’s accent in her tone, Subaru halted his breath.
Up until now he had intended to treat her and deal with her as Anastasia. But after all, the true nature of her, who was before his eyes like this, wasーー,

Subaru: “ーーRight now, only you and I are here. How about talking your heart out frankly?”

Anastasia: “Wh……”

Subaru: “To be honest, I can’t make any progress with you, who is wearing the mask of someone else. No matter what I’m told, it’s impossible for me to trust you down to my very core. That’s why……”

???: “ーーYou say that you want to exchange words with me, not the me who acts as Ana.”

That instant, Anastasia’s presence changed as if responding to Subaru’s proposition.
The mood surrounding her completely changed, though her form didn’t change, the sense of existence he was standing off against definitely altered. The emotions dwelling in her eyes, the expression interweaving her thoughts, had changed completely.

“ーーーー”

And, before Subaru who halted his breath witnessing this transformation, Anastasiaーー no, the Artificial Spirit Echidna who had been acting as Anastasia, slowly turned towards the outer edge of the balcony.
With not a railing to prevent falling, only a fence of a pathetic height is all that the outer edge possessed. She slowly placed her hips on that fence and gently caressed the head of the small white bird standing still right beside her.
Andーー,

Echidna: “ーーIt is indeed the first time, we’ve exchanged words with just the two of us all alone here.”

Saying so, she accepted Subaru’s proposal with a fleeting smile.



※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※


Echidna: “Won’t you come here?”

Subaru: “No, I mean it doesn’t have a railing, and my counter plans for safety are way too incomplete so nope.”

Echidna: “Not at all, I won’t push you off even if you get closer with your guard down, you know?”

Subaru: “No way am I trusting that tone. You’re just like the original, when it comes to stuff like that.”

Subaru distorted his lips before Echidna, who was sitting at a boundlessly hazardous spot and invited him without any malice. But, perhaps she did not like the way he phrased his refusal, and furrowed her eyebrows frankly.
And then, she said “You see?” and raised a single finger as if lecturing him,

Echidna: “I’ve told you several times, but how about you stop viewing me together with that original Witch or whatever? To say it clearly, it is nothing but unpleasant to be compared with someone unknown. That is, even if it is my own creator.”

Subaru: “That goes for this manner speaking too, but…… I guess so, my bad. I’ll be careful.”

Echidna: “Kindly be.”

Echidna appealed to Subaru, with the same appearance and voice as Anastasia.
In all honesty, from what he had pointed it was truly just like the tone of the ill-natured Witch Subaru was acquainted with, her insistence comprised of a circumstance whereby he must earnestly nod in assent. The truth is, if Subaru was told he was an existence similar to Echidna it would be an opinion that would make him respond with something that would be terribly dishonourable as well.

Anastasia: “With that being said, your worries are quite right. Seeing someone night after night head to a place noticed by nobody all alone would naturally make one suspicious. However, on top of accepting those misgivings as a matter of course, I shall deny your misgivings once again.”

Subaru: “You, sure are bold to be touching that bird without even being vigilant.”

Anastasia: “……Did you hear what I said just now?”

Subaru: “I heard it indeed.”

Immediately, their comments were at crossing paths with regards to each other.
However, it couldn’t be helped that what was far more mysterious to Subaru was the small birdーー how she was caressing the ominous small bird’s head like it was some artificial article than what she was saying.
Things would’ve been different had this been a park in the afternoon and the birds gave a further spirit reaction, though.

Subaru: “Aren’t you afraid that you’ll get killed if they, like, swarm together and peck your entire body?”

Echidna: “Well, your imagination is far more frightening. You won’t say that this is another one of your judgements based on experience, would you?”

Subaru: “You see, something happened where cute-looking rabbits jumped on me with all their energy……. and things turned out like that.”

Thus ever since he had been nervous of a large number of animals gathering at one spot.
Piling up multiple experiences of『Return by Death』, he had confirmed and could claim that there existed no easy death, but that memory was a remarkably awful manner of dying.

Anastasia: “……You’re actually making a pale face, so I won’t put pressure on you. It’s not as if I am affectionately familiar with these birds, either.”

Perhaps due to seeing Subaru’s face get increasingly pale, Echidna promptly retracted her hand from the small bird. And then putting both of her hands on her knees, she once again gazed towards Subaru saying “Well then”.

Echidna: “You suggested me, to let my heart out frankly…… I wonder, what do you want to talk about with my self who has forgotten about behaving like I was Ana?”

Subaru: “For now, your relationship with this place, and these birds.”

Echidna: “Regarding that, I can only respond with what I had answered as Ana. I was led to this place by a bird, as well. Until then, I had not the faintest clue. Just……”

Subaru: “Just?”

Despite the dejection for lack of substitution of that response, Subaru raised his eyebrows in pursuit of the faint catch to it. Slightly hesitating upon his reaction, Echidna continued.

Echidna: “To be completely honest, I was thinking of asking you the same thing.”

Subaru: “Asking me, the same thing?”

Echidna: “I was intending to be Ana so it may have come off as a joke, isn’t it. I found myself here as if I was led to this place. And now, I am having dialogue with you in this place…… with you, who is standing in front of the entrance to return to the tower.”

“ーーーー”

Echidna: “You are an acquaintance of Shaula’s, the keeper of this Tower. At the very least, she treats you with that conviction completely. Taking that into consideration, being informed on top of just the two of us being in this place does seem cowardly to me but……”

Engulfed by the words Echidna voiced, Subaru was unable to interrupt her comments. Before that Subaru, Echidna cut her words off once, and whilst retaining Anastasia’s face, presented a question.
That question wasーー,

Echidna: “ーーNatsuki Subaru, just who are you?”

Subaru: “Just who you say, but……”

Echidna: “Let’s go back to the time before heading to Priestella. After the ceremony of conferring honours when you fulfilled the White Whale subjugation, and the subjugation of “Sloth”, one year ago. Ana, conducted an investigation regarding you.”

That which Echidna had revealed, perhaps had been one of the plans in Anastasia camp’s strategy for the Royal Election.
Investigating Subaru, who had accepted the conferral of decorations as the knight of the rival candidate Emilia, must be something which can be called theory in a fight of this type.
But, the great merchant Anastasia Hoshin, who led the Hoshin company wasーー,

Echidna: “Your background could not be gained knowledge of. Ana complained that investigating the most minimal information alone was extremely difficult. Regarding that, I believed that perhaps the people around you know something rather than you yourself, that’s what the result was.”

Controlling the information regarding Subaru, if there’s someone doing that who has a deep connection with the camp then the first one on the list would be Roswaal, followed by Otto and Clind, perhaps.
Anyhow, it would not be strange of them to be doing that. And they were either far too unkind or far too boorish to go out of their way and refrain from informing that truth to Subaru.

Echidna: “After all, what could be reached was only around the little happening you got involved with in the Capital right before the commencement of the Royal Election. When knight Reinhardt discovered the candidate Felt, there is evidence that he happened to catch sight of you. But, that is all.”

Any records prior to that were not supposed to exist.
Henceforth, Echidnaーー though it’s Anastasia in this case, Anastasia’s investigation had followed up Subaru’s footsteps nearly perfectly.
Excluding the fact that that was an insufficient result for them.

“ーーーー”

Echidna narrowed her eyes, as Subaru silently wondered how he should respond.
Until now, he has had multiple experiences of being unable to convey the information from『Return by Death』and burying it within himself, and subsequently suffering due to being unable to share the information. However, this was a first-timer for him.
For the question to be just who Natsuki Subaru was, and the unidentified nature of his origins acting as chains.

Subaru: “I am……”

Echidna: “ーーAnd, that’s how I just lined it all up.”

Subaru: “ーーAh?”

Echidna unfolded both of her arms before Subaru, who tried to somehow wring out some words with a serious expression. Her tone was far too indiscreet, as Subaru stood dumbfounded.
Receiving Subaru’s reaction, Echidna nodded saying “Hm” with a satisfied expression.

Echidna: “Ana and I recognised you, as a newcomer knight with a pile of extremely meritorious deeds, with that kind of an unknown background…… that was, until Priestella. I have no words for how that impression changed with the fight against the Witch Cult in Priestella…… but I am aware that it is again changing slightly after coming to this Watchtower.”

“ーーーー”

Echidna: “I felt anxious for being with you alone late at night in a space beyond the sights of anyone, so even if I was on guard against you, I want you to forgive it as something which could not be helped.”

Folding her open arms, Echidna tilted her neck whilst smiling.
And taken aback by the words he had heard from her, Subaru mumbled and moved his dry lips and earnestly pondered over how he should react.
However, during the time he was pondering he suddenly noticed.

ーーThat the fingers in Echidna’s hands atop her knee, wielded so much strength that they would turn white.

Subaru: “……You, don’t tell me, are you seriously scared?”

Echidna: “ーーThat comment, is slightly upsetting. Just as an example, what kind of a relationship do you actually have with Shaula?”

Without responding to Subaru’s question, Echidna fired back a separate question.

Subaru: “I, met Shaula for the first time here. I don’t know anything.”

Echidna: “The『Trial』of the third layer, was it a coincidence that you cleared it so quickly?”

Subaru: “……It was a coincidence.”

Echidna: “In that case, what about you going through the secret passage camouflaged in such a way that it cannot be noticed at first glance, and calling out to me in a situation where I happened to be alone?”

“ーーーー”

What resumed persistently, was Echidna’s bitterness directed towards Subaru.
By stockpiling questions before Subaru, she was conveying this.

Subaru: “How about you, try imagining being in my position……”

Echidna: “But still, due to various factors I estimate you as an existence who has a low possibility of being hostile. And I want you to think of me revealing the depths of my heart as a proof of my good faith.”

With her hands on her slim chest, Echidna demonstrated that she had voiced her true mental state through her attitude.
From Subaru’s perspective as well, he very much wanted to agree with Echidna’s words now that he once again looked back onto his origins and the suspicious nature of his actions.
Very much so, butーー,

Echidna: “ーーIt rather seems like my creator left deep wounds upon your heart, isn’t it.”

The behaviour of the Artificial Spirit Echidna indeed closely resembled that of the Echidna who was the『Witch of Greed』, so no matter how much good faith she devoted it was difficult to truly trust her.
This itself, could precisely be called as the lingering scent of a Witch.

Subaru: “I get, what you’re saying. I’m, convinced. Keeping whether I’m able to trust or not aside……”

Echidna: “Your troubles have been conveyed quite well.”

Subaru: “That is, even if you and I meeting here is a coincidence. Then, what’s this place? What do you think this balcony-like place was made for?”

As a matter of fact, even if this Echidna was plotting something, there existed no evidence that would make her open her mouth. He complied with her not because he trusted her, but because he considered it an inevitability.
However, that and the fact that this place was a concealed space are entirely different subjects. Due to being concealed and everything, there must be some kind of worth to its existence.

Echidna: “I have a hypothesis regarding that. Do you remember what happened three days ago…… in the desert?”

Subaru: “Three days ago, that’d mean before we reached the tower, some totally messy stuff comes to my mind.”

Echidna: “At the occasion of that ruckus, a white light attacked us when we were being pursued by the Courtesan Bears. ーーIt rather seems like that, was Shaula’s doing. Then, this place is.”

Subaru: “ーーHer scaffold, for observing the desert?”

Before Echidna’s hypothesis reached its end, Subaru clicked his fingers.
Her conjecture was convincing. The truth is, she had continued to snipe those who approached the tower with what she calls『Hell’s Snipe』from a long distance. He had wondered how she did that with there not being a single window or way to view outside of the watchtowerーー,

Echidna: “Perhaps, there are places like this connected through the circumference of the tower. From what it seems, this space is not in the direction from which we approached the tower.”

Subaru: “What about the birds?”

Echidna: “The birds are an enigma. Even if they are touched like this, they give no response. It’s just that they still perhaps do have warm body temperature, they are not actually artificial. If possible I’d like to dissect them……”

Looking down onto the birds beside her, Echidna straitened her spherical eyes with cruelty. However, as she drew her finger back, she stared intensely at that finger.

Echidna: “Unfortunately, I do not want to put any more burden upon Ana’s body. Things would proceed faster if you would dissect the birds……”

Subaru: “Well, I’ll do it if it’s really needed no matter what……”

In the one year he had spent living in the different world ever since being summoned, Subaru had gained some experience of hunting birds or hare. Of course, killing for the sake of eating and killing for the sake of experimenting felt way too differentーー,

Subaru: “After killing it, as for eating it……”

Echidna: “Yes, there was also the problem of remaining food supplies. Then, I would like to request around twenty of them.”

Subaru: “Bloody bastard! Don’t you know about The Legend of Zelda!?”

Indifferently requested to take the lives of a large number of birds, Subaru raised his voice harshly. Echidna rounded her eyes having been yelled at over knowledge she had no way knowing.
That aside, killing twenty would indeed aggravate his spirit.

Subaru: “Besides, upon killing there would also be some movement in these countless birds too, you know?”

Echidna: “……That, seems undeniably frightening.”

In response to Subaru’s distress, Echidna also put her hand on her mouth.
The birds gave no reaction to the perilous conversation of the two, but their gazes alone were unchangingly fixed upon the outsiders to this place, that is, Subaru and Echidna.
With the words sky burial accidentally appearing in his mind, Subaru detained Echidna’s prompt judgement.

Subaru: “If we’re going to do it, then let’s do it after making some preparations. For the time being, let’s keep it for later.”

Echidna: “No attitude of running away either, huh. Got it, very well…… the truth is, it’s difficult to even think about what could be gained from investigating these birds.”

Subaru: “Um, please stop with an atmosphere of stuff like the spirit of inquiry or comments on the success of thirst for knowledge.”

Echidna: “ーー?”

He thought that Echidna, despite truly not knowing the nature of the Witch, maintained a behavioural style similar to the original and resultantly he never let his guard down.
Henceforth Subaru ignored that aspect, and threw a question towards the spirit aspect of Echidna, which was unlike the Witch.

Subaru: “I didn’t really confirm it properly, but how’s Anastasia-san?”

Echidna: “……Just like earlier. Even now, Ana is continuing to sleep within the depths of this body. I’ve never dwelled in the body for this long, so I would be lying if I said I’m not getting impatient.”

Subaru: “Impatient?”

Subaru considered the nuance and thought she must be talking about wanting to return to her former body, but Echidna shook her head left and right saying “That’s not it”.

Echidna: “So far as it goes, Ana and I have a contracted relationship of a Spirit and a user. Though it’s an imperfect relationship…… an imperfect Spirit, along with an imperfect user. I believe I have spoken about Ana’s body.”

Subaru: “Ah, about there being some defects in the gate, and stuff.”

Echidna: “That is close to the relationship between the present you and Beatrice. What’s different from you two is that Ana’s body has no receptacle to receive Mana at all. In order for her to maintain her contract with me she has no choice but to spend her Od.”

Subaru: “Hm, hm?”

He thought of that explanation as roughly the same as what he had heard before. However, Echidna believed Subaru’s understanding was rather shallow, so she put a finger on her chest and,

Echidna: “This state is equivalent to me manifesting in Ana’s stead. Which means Ana’s Od is being eaten up at an increased rate. Even now, moment by moment, Ana’s Od is being grated.”

Subaru: “I believe Od was, like, the soul itself of the person…… which means.”

Echidna: “On top of assenting the dangers of having a contract with me, Ana took my hand. Ever since then, I hypothesised that some day the end would arrive…… but now is, rather soon.”

ーーThat is why, the body must be returned to Anastasia as soon as possible.

That is how Echidna brought explaining the situation Anastasia and her had been placed into to an end. Upon hearing what she said, Subaru realised that he had been taking their circumstances far too lightly.

Subaru: “With that body…… in that tattered state, can she really become something like the king?”

Echidna: “Do you mean that in the sense that you want Ana to abandon that privilege for the sake of your own master?”

Subaru: “ーー~hk! Don’t joke around! Nothing like that! I was……”

Echidna: “Ana will not draw back, no matter what. Nor will she give up. I know that.”

Echidna asserted flatly before Subaru, who stepped ahead trying to raise his voice.
Overawed by that vigour, Subaru blinked his eyes. And then timidly had his lips tremble,

Subaru: “……Does Anastasia-san, want her own country so badly. Even though if she gets her hands on it, she might have to immediately let go of it.”

Echidna: “Though perhaps shorter than what normal people have, Ana herself will utilise that short span of time ways better than the others. Besides, Ana has a reason to not give up the throne.”

Against Subaru’s powerless voice, Echidna declared putting her trust in Anastasia into it.
And recited, her reason to not give up the throne. It wasーー,

Echidna: “ーーBecause she wished for it.”

Echidna, who had already stood up, conceded towards him and faced Subaru head-on from the centre of the balcony.
Gazing into the black eyes right ahead of her, as Subaru stood immobile at the words the pale cerulean eyes had conveyed to him.
A heaviness unlike that of Pleiades Watchtower, of the『Trials』, pressed Subaru down.

“ーーーー”

Immobile, speechless. Nor did Echidna say anything.
And instead of the motionless two, only the sound of flapping wings slashed through the chilling night. The sound of flapping wings came from behind, as it was appended to the flock of birds who were resting their wings.
Once again a single bird, flew towards the balconyーー,

ーーFrom behind.

“ーーーー”

Just as before, Subaru had been standing with his back turned towards the outer wall of the watchtower. If a bird flapped its wings behind him, then it unquestionably came from the interior of the watchtower.
Echidna, Subaru, had reached this place, upon being led by birds.
Then, naturally, that was also the case with the flapping of the third bird.

???: “ーーWhat is the meaning, of what you were saying, right now?”

A voice, somewhat astonished, somewhat in disbelief, echoed in the balcony.
The birds spread their wings wide at once, upon the voice of the standing man. And, giving rise to a terrible sound of flapping wings like a cloudburst, the birds attained flight lacking all vacillation.

Towards the night sky, towards the desert enveloped in the dusk.

Leaving Subaru, Echidna to seemingly drown in an ocean,
ーーAlong with Julius Juukulius.

    ※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※


Chapter 33
Left behind by a myriad of fluttering feathers, abyss descended on the balcony in the night.

Fearless birds spread their wings and took to flight into the murky night sky.
One could almost say that falling from that lonely sky would have been easier than remaining in this place.
If only that were true, Subaru would have wholeheartedly embraced that notion―― at least, aside from this suffocating situation, that would have been the next-worst thing.

[――――]

The location was the Watchtower, on a balcony hidden by the night.
Julius stood there, blocking the doorway, with doubt carved into his handsome features and rigid cheeks. In front of his line of sight, were Subaru and Echidona, who had been secretly conversing in the night――to Julius, she would have been Anastasia, since they looked exactly alike.

[Julius: ――what you said just now, what did you mean?]

In that tense, congealing space, Julius repeated this over and over.
The bewildered content of his words was no different from the moment before, but his voice sounded weaker with every repetition, like proof of the of the depth of his sorrow.

――When, did you start listening to the conversation?

[――――]

Faced with Julius’ question, Subaru forced his halted thoughts to move, and landed on this question. When did he start listening, that’s the most important thing.
The content of that conversation with Echidona=Anastasia just now, was definitely not something he should have been allowed to hear before he had been prepared. For in this Watchtower-expedition, the secrets kept by Subaru and Echidona were simply far too deep.

Things ranging from Artificial Spirits, Witch of Greed, Authority of Gluttony, and their various implications…
Subaru had hidden them all from Julius, having judged that they would only complicate things, and bring him nothing but suffering.
More than anything, was the fact that Anastasia’s spirit was sleeping, and that right now, the one inhabiting her body was the Artificial Spirit of Echidona.
In other words――

[Anastasia: ――Ah~, come on, Natsuki-kun, stop looking like that]

[Subaru: ……Huh?]

Suddenly, lightly poking the stiff Subaru in the chest with her finger, Echidona put on a charming smile.
Her tone and attitude were so perfectly like Anastasia’s, that for a moment, Subaru bulged his eyes in stupefaction and could not be entirely certain what was happening.
Leaving Subaru behind, as if dancing, Echidona did a turn on the spot, and,

[Anastasia: I’m sorry, Julius. But it’s not like we’re leaving you out of the loop, you know. I just thought I’d talk with Natsuki-kun about some of the important things that’ll be happening after we leave the Pleiades Watchtower, that’s all]

[――――]

[Anastasia: We had to leave the green room since Rem and the baby ground dragon were there, you know? It’s not like we’re afraid of any special secret leaking out, but I was just in the mood for something extra secretive. So we moved around…… and this just happened to be only suitable place we could find. That’s all]

Clapping her hands together in front of her chest, Echidona slightly tilted her head as if to say [Forgive me?]
That adorable gesture appeared to be just the kind of thing Anastasia would think of. But, unlike the one trying to distract away from the vital part of the story, Anastasia would never sink as low as this.
As if trying to cover up an unfavorable scene after the other person had already seen it, the words only came across as barren and superficial―― actually, one might as well replace the “as if” with “certainly” there.

It was a very undesirable situation. Having been caught off-guard, Echidona probably shared Subaru’s opinion. The only difference was that she just happened to be quicker than Subaru in taking action.
And then――

[Julius: ――You are not Anastasia-sama, are you]

[――――]

[Julius: Echidona, I want you to tell me. Even when it’s already come to this point, the fact that you are still trying to hide it from me, tells me you probably weren’t a bad person before you died]

Through a faint glimmer of hesitation, Julius asked Echidona to her face. Hearing this, Echidona muttered [Why that’s just……], and for a moment, appeared to be preparing to refute him, but,

[Julius: Echidona]

Once again, Julius stopped her with his call. And, just like this, she turned Anastasia’s face toward Subaru with an indescribable emotion stirring within those light onion-green eyes.
But at this point, even Subaru couldn’t think of a way to salvage this.

[Subaru: Julius, where do you want us to begin?]

[Julius: ……From Anastasia-sama’s body]

In response to Subaru’s question, Julius replied in a choked voice.
That much was more than enough to discern his disturbed emotional state. But even so, it must be said, that only a man like Julius would have been able to remain calm at a time like this, even if only on the surface.
Or perhaps, it may simply have gone too far beyond his limits, and too far beyond what emotions can convey.

[Echidona: Ever since the battle with the Witch Cult in Priestella city, Ana’s spirit has been sleeping deep inside her body. So, right now, the one moving her body isn’t Ana herself. But I, playing her role in her stead, until today]

Echidona probably thought it was no longer possible to go on pretending.
Plainly, without any set-up, she simply spoke as if laying out the facts.

In the middle of defending Priestella against the Witch Cult, Echidona took Anastasia’s place, and dueled with the Witch-Cultists―― After that, Anastasia’s spirit had been asleep ever since.
They had hidden this from Julius and Ricardo, and all the members of the Iron-Fang before they set out for the Pleiades Watchtower.
――This fact, was only shared between Subaru and Echidona.

[Julius: Why, would you only share this information with Subaru?]

[Echidona: He was not under the influence of the Sin-Archbishop’s Authority, and so he was the only person outside the chaos of the situation. Besides, I, an Artificial Spirits of the same roots as Beatrice, have sealed a contract with a Spirits-Arts user as well. I must confess this was not my original intention. Only……]

[Julius: ――. Only?]

[Echidona: Only…… he saw through my act as Ana, so I had no choice but to tell him]

Hearing this explanation of why only Subaru came to know that it was Echidona inside Anastasia’s body, Julius’ eyes began to tremble beyond control.
Of course. Because Subaru saw through Echidona’s performance――

[Julius: Someone who barely knows her, something even a stranger should notice… I call myself her Knight and I didn’t even notice it……]

[Subaru: Stop, you dumbass! You can’t say that!]

[Julius: ――――]

[Subaru: Your situation…… you were just in a bad situation! There was a huge thing that just happened to you, tying you down! And it wasn’t just you, there’s Ricardo and Mimi as well, wasn’t there? I only noticed because…… anyway it just happened by chance!]

Listening to Julius mocking himself with those words, Subaru tried to put a stop to his self-injury. However, in his failure of his duty as a Knight, there were no words that could console him.

In reality, just what could Julius have done? Was he really to blame for this?

The Lord he devoted his loyalty to, his comrades with whom he swore his oath, his fellow Knights that have always been his companions, and all the many, many more, everything he had accumulated up to now in his life as a Knight, had collapsed like a wall of sand. How can he stand before them again?
Stalwart. Elegant. A Knight. How could he ever be called that again.
If being a Knight meant never permitting oneself to succumb to one’s pain like a common human being, then being a Knight was a curse for Julius Euculius.

[Julius: It is the duty of a Knight to eliminate chance, and be certain at all times]

[Subaru: ――! Then a Knight is…… nothing but a troublesome title isn’t it……]

[Julius: Take back those words, and do not say them to me again. I…… right now I, I’m afraid I’ve lost some part of myself……]

Subaru’s consoling rationalization simply bounced off in the face of Julius’ Knightly convictions. Watching as Subaru fell speechless from the emotions clogging up his throat, Julius shook his head.

[Julius: Let’s get back on topic. ――Echidona, what is your intention?]

[Echidona: ……To return this body to Ana. That, is the reason I brought you all to the Pleiades Watchtower, even more importantly than the victims of Gluttony and Lust]

[Julius: In other words, you mean to say you never wanted this. And you have no way to restore Anastasia-sama…… even if I slay you]

Placing his hand on the Knight’s sword at his waist, Julius narrowed his eyes and threw her this perilous question.
Receiving this, Echidona cast down her eyes, and gently touched her own chest.

[Echidona: That I am an evil spirit, and have taken over Ana’s body for that reason…… I cannot give you any evidence to refute that speculation. So, if you are convinced that I am lying to you, even if you choose to destroy me, I cannot stop you]

But, at the end of her last syllable, Echidona continued after pausing only a beat.

[Echidona: But in that case, any possibility of restoring the consciousness of Ana’s empty shell will be extinguished by your hand…… In the worst case, it will become difficult to even preserve her life, and there is a chance that she will die]

Echidona cut down Julius’ suggestion, and laid out her thoughts. Then, having said this, she softly lifted up her hands,

[Echidona: Of course, this is only a nonsense possibility I had no choice but to come up with because I want to live. Even I, cannot say for sure whether my death would be the solution. If I must die so that Ana could live, I feel like I would be alright with that. Though I really don’t want to die]

[Julius: And why, would you be willing to do that for Anastasia-sama?]

[Echidona: The relationship between Ana and I are not complete. Therefore, perhaps it would not be right for a common spirit to take a Spirits Arts user’s rightful place……]

Cutting off her words there, Echidona looked at Julius and Subaru in turn.
It seemed almost as though she was admiring the odd-looking pair who shared a bond quite different than that of a Spirit and a Spirits Arts user.

[Echidona: I like Ana. And I have been at her side ever since she was a young child. So I do not wish to abandon her, and I want her to be happy. ――That, is my reason]

[Julius: ――――]

[Echidona: Julius, I did not reveal this fact to you because it would have only lead to unnecessary confusion. Ana herself had wanted to keep my existence secret, if possible. In fact, she was the reason I had remained hidden all the way until what happened in Priestella. It was all thanks to that child]

Even back in Priestella, Julius would have been quite shocked if Anastasia announced that Echidona had been hiding inside her all that time.
Subaru, who had prioritized retrieving Emilia above all else, could not possibly imagine what storm must be churning within Julius’ chest at that moment.

Only, in such a short span of time, what his Lord had kept hidden―― as well as the secret pertaining to the fundamentals of Anastasia herself, were all revealed to him at a time when they should not have been revealed. Just how much must all of this be weighing on Julius?

[Julius: ……I can understand your relationship with Anastasia-sama. It is difficult to believe everything. But, I have no choice but to believe you. At least, in that it would be thoughtless to do anything to you right now]

[Echidona: Oh, is that so? I am glad you chose rationally, Julius. I’m sure Ana would be glad as well]

[Julius: ――――]

Letting go of the hilt of his Knight’s sword, Julius did not respond to Echidona’s words, and only remained in silence.
But he was far from having understood it, and it left him a sense of shame to think about it. Yet, in the blink of a moment, Julius cast this out of his mind, and,

[Julius: I just want to confirm this. Anastasia-sama’s Od is the price for your ability to continue to manifest yourself…… so naturally, the more you strain yourself, the heavier the burden on Anastasia-sama’s body will be. Is that correct?]

[Echidona: Correct. That’s the right way to understand it. If I eat well, sleep well, get some moderate exercise…… take a generally healthy approach to life, it’d be just enough to counteract the toll on Ana’s Od]

[Julius: If that’s the case…… then why did you pull that stunt on the second level?]

Just as Echidona was slightly recovering herself, lightheartedly joking in between her words, Julius struck her with this unexpected question.
Considering what happened on the second level, it’s only understandable that he would point this out――

[Julius: During my fight with the second-level examiner, Reid Astrea, Anastasia-sama…… using Anastasia-sama’s body… you casted magic… to assist me]

It was at the time of the first clash between Julius and Reid.
Faced with the overwhelming power of Reid’s swordsmanship, when Julius was helpless and on the verge of defeat, Echidona casted her enormous magical power toward Reid.
Far from being a decisive strike, instead, the load on Anastasia’s body went over her limit, and she fainted. But the problem was not the result.
It was why did she do it. Just that.

[Julius: The burden of that act on Anastasia-sama’s body could not have been light. After saying so much, your actions are still conflicting with your claims. So why?]

[Subaru: That’s……]

What Julius pointed out was also what Subaru had been wondering.
Back there, Echidona acted when Julius had been beaten, and carrying an expression as though he was prepared to die. There seemed to be a lie somewhere, yet it didn’t feel like it was precalculated.
It must be pure speculation. But could Echidona have chosen to help Julius simply because, living inside Anastasia, they had already spent so much time together―― could it be something as simple as that?

However, to Subaru’s doubts, and to Julius’ question, Echidona only replied [I’m sorry], and deeply bowed on the spot,

[Echidona: Even I feel like a failure there. How should I say this, to a bystander, it might just seem embarrassing, but I made that decision from a strategic point of view]

[Julius: A strategic decision?]

[Echidona: At the time, I had no idea whether the examiner of the second level had intent to kill. If I did not do it, we might have lost the fighting power of Julius. Of course, I wanted to avoid it, for Ana. Besides, Reid Astrea had his back turned…… and so it seemed a perfect opportunity, in my eyes. But not only did it fail, I‘ve caused you trouble]

Apologizing, and adding one more at the end for good measure, Echidona slowly raised up her body.
There were no contradictions within her explanation. While it was true that to a bystander, it would have looked like foolish behavior, Subaru couldn’t find any basis to refute her reasoning. Emotional ones aside.

Could such a story really be swallowed so easily?
But, before Subaru could pursue the point any further,

[Julius: ――Alright. But please be careful not to do anything rash in the future. Not for anyone else, only for Anastasia-sama]

[Echidona: Understood]

[Subaru: Wha-!?]

Julius gestured that he had understood and accepted, and nodded back at Echidona. Watching their exchange, Subaru kicked at the floor as if he wasn’t sure if they were joking.

[Subaru: How can you be convinced by that……]

[Julius: Subaru, I am convinced. Echidona will refrain from doing anything rash in the future. What else is there to say? ――This is a matter between Anastasia-sama and Echidona, and between Anastasia-sama and myself]

[Subaru: ――――]

[Julius: It seems you have been caught up in this by some strange mistake. But, this is an internal matter within the Anastasia camp. This is not your pain to bear]

Listening to Julius trying to distance him from the problem, Subaru clenched the back of his jaw.
It’s not as if Subaru was carrying this pain because he one-sidedly wanted to.

[Subaru: I, whether or not I take this upon myself is my own business isn’t it!]

[Julius: So you can take this upon yourself, yet deny me the right to face my own problems? ……I don’t seem to recall you ever telling me about Anastasia-sama and Echidona]

[Subaru: ――gh]

[Julius: Sorry. I shouldn’t have said it. ……But it is the truth]

Wrenching this out in a choked voice, Julius turned his eyes away.
Within that voice, that stubbornness, Subaru finally noticed it.

Julius had not remained calm at all.
Far from hiding the tempest raging in his heart, he could not even keep it from seeping through to the surface.

Having lost his own existence, even the one thing that remained to him, his loyalty to his Lord, was a lie, and their promise to tell each other every concern had been broken.
Even so, the man named Julius was not supposed to be subject to emotions.

[Julius: I don’t intend to argue. For Anastasia-sama, we must find a way to deal with this situation as soon as possible. Echidona, I hope I can count on your sincere cooperation]

[Echidona: ……Of course. Since you have already found out, I suppose there is no reason for me to continue playing Ana anymore. Well, if you can tolerate me in the form of Ana, that is]

[Julius: That is fine. I must restore Anastasia-sama to the way she was, and looking at this form will remind me of what I must do]

Hearing of his intention to hurt himself to strengthen his resolve, Echidona put on a sad expression. But Julius had already turned up to the sky, without seeing her face.
As if noticing for the very first time that the night sky from atop the balcony was untouched by the Miasma, he squinted his eyes under the radiance of the stars.

[Julius: There is no reason to stay here for long. Let’s go back inside. As for Anastasia-sama’s body and Echidona…… let’s tell Emilia-sama and the others tomorrow]

[Echidona: Ohoh, alright. I will prepare for it as well]

Saying this, Julius gently took Echidona’s hand and began to walk. Surely, it was exactly the same as what he had always done for Anastasia.
Whatever was inside, his loyalty to Anastasia will not change. ――Even if she was sleeping deep within her body, even if she had forgotten Julius.

[Subaru: Julius!]

Feeling something painful at the sight of his figure, Subaru shouted out to him.
Having been abandoned by memories while he still remembered everything about the others, having nothing left except to struggle, desperately relying on that sentiment―― Having been there himself, he understood that pain.
Even if he was forgotten, he cannot forget. That thought alone gave him the impulse to move.

[Julius: ――――]

Julius halted his steps, and, still holding onto Echidona, did not turn around.
The fact that his back remained perfectly straight, in spite of all the turmoil within his heart, was just totally frustrating.

[Subaru: You… isn’t there something you want to say to me]

Regarding Echidona, regarding Anastasia’s body, he had kept it all from him.
Tonight, he had promised to take over for spending time in the green room, but Subaru broke that promise, and secretly met with Echidona on the balcony.

He could make excuses. There were reasons. It’s not that he meant to……
But, regardless of what he meant, or whatever his reasons, or excuses, his heart could not pull free.

So why won’t you raise your voice to shout at me? Swear at me, and just let out your rage?

Subaru couldn’t be sure whether it was his own sense of guilt, or whether Julius truly thought this.
Surely, Julius wouldn’t.
Raise his voice, or spit out abuses――

[Julius: ――There is]

[Subaru: ――――]

[Julius: I understand. Why you thought you should hide this truth from me. You meant no harm. It was only out of concern and consideration. I agree with your apprehensions. If we switched places, I would have kept my silence as well]

[Subaru: ――――]

[Julius: ――But, even so]

Looking up to the sky. With a voice as if wrenching it out.

[Julius: Whether it is myself, or Anastasia-sama, or you, I don’t want to be thought of as someone unworthy of being a Knight]

※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※
He didn’t need any special procedures to get back into the tower.
Just like the way he entered the balcony, he only had to crawl down below waist-level to get through the hidden passage and come out inside the tower. While crawling on his knees, the pointless thought suddenly occurred to him that Julius must have crawled through here in the exact same way.

Unfortunately, since he had already crawled back earlier, Subaru lost his chance to record this into memory.
It was because he was so overwhelmed by Julius’ last words, that he remained there speechlessly for a while.

[Subaru: ――――]

If he didn’t say anything, then he wasn’t dishonest, he thought. ――Except, that wasn’t the case.
Most likely, Julius believed that even if he had shouted and sworn at Subaru who was plagued by guilt, it would not have brought him any comfort. And since his virtue would not allow it, he could not throw his rage and complaints, but only swallow them silently on the spot.

But, that was not the case.
The words Julius left behind in the end, had stuck into his heart like a thorn.

Perhaps, Subaru would have felt better if he had been yelled at. But since he did not want to feel better, perhaps it was best that Julius hadn’t said anything.
However, the reality was not like that. The thorn left by Julius insisted on pain, and blood continued to flow from its piercing wound. Deep enough to make him hesitate about pulling it out.

[Subaru: I can’t…… go back to the green room anymore]

Chances are, Julius had already escorted Echidona back to the green room by now. After that, it would be unlikely that he’d go search for a bed in the dragon carriage left in the lower levels.

This deep-rooted problem―― the sheer depth which was the fault of Subaru’s own poor judgment, was not something that can be cleared up overnight. At least, it would take time, and simply holding calm discussions will not be enough to resolve it.

Thinking about it that way, he felt a little embarrassed about going back to the dragon carriage. Even though he knew Julius would not go back there, he would still feel somewhat guilty about tugging himself into a warm futon right now.

However, at this late hour, there was no one Subaru could spill his heart to.
The sleeping Rem and Subaru’s best-buddy Patrasche were both in the green room, where he was too afraid to approach because of Julius and Echidona.
And he couldn’t exactly wake Emilia and Beatrice up to make them listen to his whining.
So, at this point, there was no one Subaru could――

[Ram: ――Barusu?]

Hearing that voice, Subaru made a quiet sound with his throat and halted his steps. Turning around, surprised, in the middle of the fourth-level passageway―― where footsteps struck on the stone floor, he saw the form of the pink-haired girl, Ram.
Ram’s light-red eyes were wide open, looking over Subaru from head to toe.

[Ram: It’s been a while since I’ve seen you make that face. Disreputable]

[Subaru: ……why’re you immediately saying that right after we meet. Come to think of it, what’re you doing here this late?]

[Ram: I could ask you the same thing…… although, what Barusu could be up to at this hour would be unimaginable]

In front of Ram, who crossed her arms as she approached him, Subaru tightened his cheeks at her words.
Just the thought of what she might actually be imagining pulled a shadow over Subaru’s face. Seeing Subaru do this, Ram shrugged her shoulders sadly,

[Ram: Anyway, you were bothering Rem with your whining again, weren’t you? Even though Ram’s little sister is cute and forgiving, don’t be too unreasonable]

[Subaru: ……Ah, yeah. Well, you’re right]

[Ram: ――?]

Seeing Ram’s eyes slightly widen as she heard this, Subaru let out a bitter smile.
He didn’t tell her his true feelings, but only what she might have guessed based on his daily activities. It was true, just as Ram said, that Subaru often spent his nights at Rem’s bedside.
In fact, he had already done so tonight. And it was only natural that Ram would think he had just left.
But today, it was not only that――

[Ram: Stop making that miserable face]

[Subaru: Oogh]

[Ram: With that pathetic, miserable expression, you look even lower than a base manservant. Looking like that, people will begin to suspect Emilia-sama’s character for taking a Barusu as her Knight. Please revise]

He felt Ram’s finger flicking his drooping forehead.
Subaru’s eyes teared up from the force, and just as he was about to protest, Ram disinterestedly humphed through her nose, shutting him back up. All the while, she herself seemed perfectly at ease.

[Subaru: ……Gees, really, ane-sama is ane-sama, after all]

[Ram: Hah. Please don’t disgust me with your thoughts]

Subaru commented while stroking his forehead, and Ram put on an expression as if disgusted from the bottom of her heart. To be consoled by such an attitude, he really must be pathetic.
No part of what she said had carried any expression of warmth or sympathy, but, somehow, that was what it meant to him.

[Subaru: Ram, what were you doing at this hour anyway?]

[Ram: Disgusting]

[Subaru: Don’t just suddenly end the conversation like that! We only just started……]

Hopelessly shrugging his shoulder, Subaru let out a quiet sigh, and turned his eyes to the passageway behind Ram―― where she had come from.
Although the fourth floor was very wide, there was nothing particularly remarkable here. There was a green room, and the luggage they brought up from the dragon carriage. And――

[Subaru: ……The staircase to the second floor?]

[Ram: ――――]

[Subaru: Unless, you went up there. Alone?]

[Ram: Don’t worry. I’m not as reckless as him. It doesn’t seem like it, but I’m not conceited enough to think I can do anything with Reid Astrea alone]

Imagining something he’d rather not think about, Subaru twisted his lips, and Ram laughed through her nose as she denied his suspicions.
Hearing her subtle reference to Julius’ stubbornness hidden within her words, the mere thought of it twisted at the thorn in Subaru’s chest.

[Ram: It seems, something happened between you and Julius. Had a fight?]

[Subaru: Am I that easy to read?]

[Ram: Barusu is as easy to read as Ram is intelligent. The latter has more to do with it, but it’s nothing to worry about. ……No, of course the former has plenty to do with as well. It won’t take long to get everything out of you under torture]

[Subaru: The fact that you’re assuming I’d be placed under torture is kind of frightening, you know]

Watching Subaru pick at his own cheek, Ram just squinted her eyes. Seeing that she wasn’t kidding, Subaru shuddered a little.
It’s true, that considering Subaru’s position, it was not entirely unlikely that Emilia’s enemies in the Royal Selection might resort to this kind of barbaric measures. Maybe it would be a good idea to watch out for that, after all.

[Subaru: In that case, what were you doing here……]

[Ram: ――I didn’t go up to the second floor. I only tried to go up]

[Subaru: ……I thought you just said you weren’t that reckless. Unless… were you thinking of attacking him while he’s asleep?]

Subaru had no qualms about using any means necessary to win. It might be understandable if Ram thought the same and planned to stealth attack Reid in his sleep.
The question was whether this Reid, which appeared to have been reproduced from the records of the past, really slept. And, even if he did sleep, could she really manage it?

[Ram: Unfortunately, it’s impossible to attack him while he’s sleeping. I turned back halfway up the stairs. He really is an abnormal monster. He’d almost make Garf look cute]

[Subaru: Although, after getting to know Garfiel, he is pretty cute……]

[Ram: Not his antics, I meant the level of danger he poses]

The way she put it, she didn’t actually deny that Garfiel’s antics were cute, but since they were in the middle of something more important, Subaru squeezed his brows and forgot about it.

[Ram: I am convinced now. If one side has no qualms about using any means necessary, then the other side would use any means necessary as well. Like we’ve discussed, in order to beat him, we must not let him take it too seriously, and only then satisfy his conditions]

[Subaru: ……Just to make sure of that, you went up to the second level alone?]

[Ram: Do I have to say it again. I didn’t go up to the second level. It’s too difficult for Ram at this moment]

Confirming that they simply weren’t strong enough, Ram warned of the need for preparations before challenging the second level again. Speaking of needing more time, the thought of his argument with Echidona and Julius resurfaced once more, and Subaru couldn’t help but take on a difficult expression.

[Ram: Barusu?]

[Subaru: N, no, it’s nothing…… Well, it’s not totally nothing, but it doesn’t matter right now. Most likely, we’ll have a proper talk tomorrow]

[Ram: A remarkably ambiguous statement]

[Subaru: That’s kinda what I was going for, but, it’s not what you think. As expected, even here, I’ve done something ungrateful, and it’s a bit hard to recover from it this time]

He’s done enough for now. It was a strange crack that he wasn’t sure if he could completely mend, and he wouldn’t want to complicate it any more and spread the crack even wider.
Watching Subaru go limp, Ram still wasn’t convinced, but decided to let it go.

[Ram: In any case, conquering the second floor…… defeating Reid will require more time and effort. At least, it would be nice if we could count on Shaula’s support]

[Subaru: Well, it wouldn’t be exaggerating to say that she couldn’t exactly be counted on. Although, if she didn’t help us earlier, we’d all be charred black under the sand right now]

Without Shaula, they would never have been able to reach the exam on the second level in the first place. But even with that in mind, she had been a disappointing Sage ever since they entered the tower.
Of course, if they could borrow the examiner’s own hand to pass the exam, it would be quite exceptional indeed.

[Ram: If we only ever take the high road, we’re bound to get stuck in a deadlock here]

[Subaru: It’s not like I think it’d be better to take a more innocent approach. But, purely on a case by case basis…… it just wouldn’t work this time]

[Ram: You say that so effortlessly…… Ram, doesn’t have that kind of leisure]

Dissatisfied with Subaru’s answer, Ram shrugged her shoulders. And, while slowly turning her back,

[Ram: If you don’t go to bed soon it’ll hurt your performance tomorrow. I’ll head back to the dragon carriage as well]

[Subaru: Aahh, yeah. I, uh……]

He wanted to explain why he couldn’t go back, but it was too difficult. On the other hand, looking back and seeing Subaru mumbling this way, Ram spilled a small sigh.

[Ram: As you like. But if you drag us down because you didn’t get enough sleep, I’ll twist it off]

[Subaru: Aah, no…… twist what off!?]

[Ram: I’ll leave that to your imagination]

With a wave of her hand, Ram headed in the direction of the stairs to the lower levels. Without touching on what he didn’t want to touch on, leaving him to stand up by his own efforts, could that have been her consideration?
Watching the thin back walking into the distance, even know that she won’t see it, Subaru raised up his hand.

[Subaru: Good night, ne-sama. See you tomorrow]

[Ram: ……Ram is not Barusu’s ane-sama. Stop calling me that]

Her last denial carried no strength within it, as if she had already accepted, and only resisted for the sake of it.
Watching Ram’s figure disappear after leaving those words behind, Subaru clicked the bones in his neck and whispered [Ah, what am I gonna do now].

He can’t go to the dragon carriage anymore. And it’s too difficult to return to the green room. In that case, he could either find some other place to rest until the morning, or find a place where he could do something meaningful with his time.

[Subaru: If I just want a place to sleep, I could find a suitable room……]

The top candidate would be the room where they stored their luggage.
The dragon carriage’s cargo and food supplies have all been moved into that room, though it’ll be hard to find something he could use as a pillow. The bottleneck was just how to find some way to reduce the pain on his body while sleeping on the floor, aside from sleeping in the dragon carriage.
Or――

[Subaru: Think about how to conquer the second floor, how to defeat Reid]

Honestly, that would be the most constructive choice.
Most of the problems surrounding their current situation were about capturing this Watchtower. Though it can’t be said with certainty, it would nevertheless play a huge role in improving their situation.
That evening, the consensus they reached on how to defeat Reid was to make him not take something seriously and then seriously satisfy his conditions, or something vague along those lines.
At the very least, if there was a chance he could reduce some of that vagueness――

[Subaru: ――That’s it]

And, coming to this point, Subaru snapped his fingers.
As the idea flashed through his mind like a lightning strike, Subaru changed the direction of his steps with a bash.

[Subaru: If this goes well……]

Though he cannot say for sure, it should be a move that could greatly advance the situation.
Setting his heart on that thought, Subaru sprinted toward his goal.

――In the Watchtower in the night, loud, spirited echoes of Subaru’s footsteps rang out.
――Only the lonely echoes of a single person’s footsteps.

※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※

――The sensation of waking, was like the moment of emerging out of the water’s surface.

Pulling the dreaming, unconscious body upwards, using a breath to restore the entire body to reality, the consciousness slowly reawakened, and, breaking through the water’s surface, he was born.
If sleep was death, and wakefulness was life―― then that description would not have been far off.

Anyways, such poetic sentiments aside, he gradually began to wake――

[???: ――Subaru! Hey, Subaru, are you alright?]

[Subaru: Th-the wha!?]

The moment he opened his eyes, immediately stricken by the beautiful face in front of him, Subaru rolled to the side.
And, not rolling very far before running out of surface, he dropped a short distance and landed on his shoulder.

[Subaru: Ngya!]

[???: Eek! Subaru, you alright!? Why did you start rolling all of a sudden!?]

[Subaru: N, no, it’s not like I willing decided to roll or anything……]

Squeezing his banged-up shoulder and lightly shaking his head, he pushed himself up. And then, in the blink of an eye, Subaru was confused.

It was a green room.
The entire interior of the room was covered by sprawling ivy that completely hid the walls behind them. If he was told that the whole outlandish-looking room was made of ivy, he probably would’ve believed it.

And apparently, Subaru was lying on the floor beside a bed woven from ivy at the very center of the room. That was probably what he rolled off of… would be his analysis of the situation.
It was funny that Subaru could make such judgment so calmly, but there was reason for that.

[???: Hmm, it looks like you didn’t hit anything too hard. That’s good. But I got reeeaaaally worried, you know, you shouldn’t scare me like that]

[????: Emilia, if you say it like that, Subaru won’t reflect on it, I suppose. If you don’t say it more severely, Betty’s worries won’t get through to him]

[???: I guess you’re right. But I’m surprised Beatrice would be saying that. After going into such a panic when you couldn’t find Subaru, you were almost in tears when you found him lying there……]

[????: You don’t have to mention that part can you not mention that part, I suppose!]

In front of his eyes, the conversation started going out of control.
Nodding stupidly to the rhythm of the bickering that made him want to smile, Subaru turned around. Sitting on the floor and breathing behind him, was some kind of huge animal.

[Subaru: ――――]

There was, a giant lizard. With black scales covering all over its skin, it was a huge lizard the size of a horse. The strangest part was that it was gently snuggling up to Subaru’s neck with its nose.
Seeing that it was friendly, Subaru gently petted the lizard on its head.
And then, he let out a sigh.

[Subaru: In other words, this is it]

Calm, and collected, slowly, he breathed out these words.
Seeing Subaru like this, the two girls in front of him tilted their heads.

[??? + ????: ――Subaru?]

And, like two sisters speaking with the same breath, they simultaneously called Subaru’s name.
A silver-haired girl who was so beautiful that his eyes wanted to explode, and a fairy-like little girl in a pretty dress.

A beautiful silver-haired girl, a Drill-Loli, a giant lizard, and a room made of ivy――
Subaru opened his mouth wide, and shouted it out.

――Because this is, this is, this is.

[Subaru: I’VE BEEN SUMMONED TO A PARALLEL WORL――D!?]


Chapter 34
Natsuki Subaru was born into the lax educational environment of the Heisei-era Japan.

If we were to tell the whole story of the entire 17 years of his life, it would probably take all 17 years to do it.
So, if we omit those parts and just briefly explain his current position, it would be along the lines of “A Third-Year Highschool Hikikomori”.
Or, in a little more detail, it would be “A Hopeless Shit Who Goes Against His Parents’ Expectations And Shuts Himself In His Own Shell At A Time When Exams Are Coming Up”.

He had no particular reasons for withdrawing himself.
One ordinary weekday, the thought just occurred to him, “it’d be a pain to get up today”, and from there, his absenteeism was under way.
Slipping further and further like this, the amount of time he stayed away from school grew longer, and, before he knew it, he had become a shut-in who made his parents cry.
Day after day, he spent in indulgent slothfulness, cutting off all communication, languoring on in this state, until――

[Subaru: In the end, I got summoned to a Parallel World……huh]

[???: Subaru?]

While he was busy muttering to himself and trying hard to organize some understanding of the current situation, two white hands grabbed onto his cheeks. Looking up, there was a beautiful silver-haired girl in front of his eyes.

――Honestly, a very beautiful girl.

With long silver hair that gleamed like moonlight and violet eyes like embedded gemstones.
Her long lashes were trembling as she watched him with a worried gaze that took her beauty beyond the natural order of the world, such that it gave him the illusion that he was seeing some divine art-piece magnificent enough to make all the artists of the world give up their pens.
And then, there was the question, why would such a beautiful girl be squeezing his face in a close enough range that they could feel each other’s breaths?

[Subaru: Nnnnnnnn?]

Her smell is super nice.

[???: Subaru?]

[Subaru: I-I’m Natsuki Subaru]

His name being called once again by that voice like the ring of a silver chime, Subaru spasmed out a smile in reply.
Not just his face, but even his voice was shaking, and it wasn’t entirely clear whether that could be called a smile. And, for reasons Subaru could not understand, this girl seemed to be especially close to him. Otherwise, she wouldn’t be talking and staring at him in such a super-close distance like this.

[???: Umm, Suba……ru. Sorry, but… you’re acting a little strange]

[Subaru: S-strange…… ? What, like my eyes, or something like that?]

[???: Uuuh, no. Your eyes are still reeaaally scary-looking like usual, I guess it’s nothing]

[Subaru: My eyes are usually reeaally scary-looking!?]

Trying to calm himself down by joking around a bit, he instead got hit by that totally unexpected comment. Watching Subaru recoil from that remark, the girl stuck out her tongue a little with [You’re always like this].
So cute. What’s going on with this girl? Why does she seem so terribly close to him?
And just, what did she mean by “always like this”, and acting so worried――

[????: ――Emilia, you might have come to that conclusion too rashly. In fact, something does seem off, I suppose]

[???: ――? But, Subaru’s eyes just always look like that, I think]

[????: I’m not talking about Subaru’s scary eyes right now! I don’t really care if his eyes look scary, I suppose!]

[Subaru: What’s with this about my eyes being scary-looking! It’s a bad hobby to be picking on other people’s weak points, you know! What’s with you guys…… ah, no, I mean, you two are, kinda cute and all……]

Subaru jumped himself up with great force and started blowing up in front of the beautiful girl and the one she was talking to―― cute and fairy-like, a little girl in an extravagant dress, sporting a pair of no less elegant swirling drill-curls…. but his voice quickly trailed off.
Inherently blunt, he had started blurting this out without thinking, before he realized that on the other end were two girls he had just met. Shutting himself up, he seriously recognized that he shouldn’t have snapped.

――But the situation was too strange.
If what Subaru imagined was correct, these two girls must be important KEY-PERSONs, like the villagers of the first village or something like that.
So, Subaru should straighten himself up and focus on first impressions.

[Subaru: Ahem]

Coughing once, intending to start over, Subaru turned to face the two in front of him.
Taking the two shocked-looking girls and the giant black lizard curled up behind his back into his gaze, Subaru took a step back, and,

[Subaru: ――Let me introduce myself again. My name is Natsuki Subaru!]

Jabbing a finger toward the ceiling, he held his waist with the other hand and struck out a POSE.
Sadly, there was no shiny reflective ball or Disco music, but Subaru sparkled his teeth as he said this and tried to make the most of it.

[Subaru: Shamefully ignorant, blown here by the immortal winds of Gods and Demons! An uncouth vagrant, but nonetheless pleased to meet thee!]

[???+????: ――――]

Listening to him proclaiming this at the top of his voice, for a moment, the other two could only stare at him stupidly.
Getting no reaction at all, Subaru only continued maintaining his pose. As if whoever moves first would lose, he decided he was in it to win it.
And so, after about ten seconds had passed in silence, the two girls looked at each other, and then,

[???: Well but…… we already know… you?]

[????: This is way too late for self-introductions isn’t it]

[Subaru: Whuaa!?]

And just like that, yanked out of his high-spirited self-introduction, his thoughts spilled out into that groan.

※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※

――It was only a little later when the seriousness of the situation became apparent.

He was rather proud of that self-introduction, but seeing the way it was received, Subaru couldn’t help but bend his neck. But, after that, hearing it again from the two girls, it was clear why they were so surprised.
Subaru and the girls’ memories were different―― while Subaru was supposed to be meeting them for the first time, they already knew who Subaru was.
Of course, there were no such memories on Subaru’s side. So then――

[???: In other words, Subaru…… you don’t remember anything? About this tower, about what happened in Priestella…… and, even, about Ram, and Beatrice…… and about me too?]

[Subaru: Uuum…… yeah, that, seems to be, yes]

[???: ――――]

Seeing Subaru with his knees neatly folded and stuttering out his reply, the beautiful girl widened her eyes. The sight of her pupils violently trembling sent an sense of intense guilt into Subaru’s heart.
But she was not the only one who was shocked by Subaru’s reply.

[????: Your memories…… are gone? No way, there’s no way that could happen……]

Muttering this in a whisper, was the pale-faced little girl.
Even more confused than the pretty girl, the younger girl was not spared from the shock.
Sitting on the side of the ivy-bed, the little girl sitting beside him was softly tugging on his sleeve. Seeing her delicate fingers lightly trembling, Subaru felt a pain inside his heart.

[Subaru: ――――]

Facing the two girls, shocked and lost in front of him, Subaru tried to think of something to say, but unfortunately, nothing came to him. Honestly, there was so much cold water dumped on him at once that it would’ve been enough to drown in.

――Initially, what Subaru thought had happened was him “Just getting summoned to a Parallel World”.

While getting summoned to a Parallel World, even with the “Just” attached to it, was already far beyond what would be considered common sense, it turned out to be even further away than he had imagined―― Although, one could say, he almost had the right answer.

As far as Subaru was concerned, this was not the familiar world he had lived in for seventeen years.
It was clearly evident just by looking at the outlandish clothing, and the inhuman beauty of these two girls. If that still wasn’t enough, the giant black lizard the size of a horse should also be submitted to the court as evidence.
He had heard of Komodo Dragons that were supposed to be pretty big, but that would be nothing compared to the stature of this black lizard. And with the organic bed and chairs made out of ivy added to that, we have a pretty clear case on our hands.

――In other words, this was a World outside all common sense. An alternate, Parallel World.
Belonging in the so-called Fantasy-genre, a world wholly unknown to Subaru.

※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※

Then the next question would be, why was Subaru summoned here, and which sorcerer had summoned him.
At first, he thought it was the two girls in front of him, since that’s just how stories usually pan out, and he figured they were probably the main heroines here―― but following that train of thought would be a little strange.
As previously mentioned, the girls knew Subaru, yet Subaru had no memory of this. Their understandings were at odds.

[Subaru: Then I’ve met them already, but I just forgot about it…… that’s…]

Trying to process the new information from their latest exchange, Subaru made a difficult face.
At the very least, Subaru’s CAPACITY was already quite overloaded when it dawned on him that he was summoned to a Parallel World. If he were to also understand that he had actually been active in this Parallel World for quite some time before this, Subaru’s plate was really in no condition to take this on.

Frankly, Subaru would’ve been more inclined to say something like [Is that even possible?] and laugh the matter off.

But the girl and the loli seemed dead-serious, and didn’t seem to be lying, either. Of course, Subaru had no memories of the things these girls were talking about, and he would have stubbornly denied them if he wasn’t feeling so guilty about the look on these girls’ faces.
In fact, if he had to pick between his own opinions or the girls’, he’d probably believe the girls since he wasn’t even close to trusting himself enough.
Of course, that wasn’t his only reason. ――A stronger clue would be the changes to his body.

[Subaru: ……Yeah, this doesn’t seem to be the same body I came out of the convenience store with]

Mumbling this, Subaru held up his right arm and opened and closed his fist.
It might have been psychological, but his arm felt a little stronger than before. And on his palm, there seemed to be a few more calluses that he didn’t realize were there. These weren’t calluses that came from swinging bamboo swords, because, after all, he hadn’t practiced with bamboo swords for over a year now.
Also, those weren’t the only changes to his arm.

[Subaru: GUROTESQUE?]

Turning his arm over, Subaru frowned up his face when he saw its backhand side.
His arm not only felt slightly stronger, but its appearance had become grotesque as well. From his right elbow, all the way up to his wrist, there was a long pattern of black spots―― they bulged out like veins and covered over his arm like a tattoo someone with rather bad taste might’ve gotten.
If it didn’t seem so organic, it might have been mistaken for a tattoo, but no matter how he picked at it, it was just a part of his arm. Undeniably grotesque.

[???+????: ――――]

So he scratched at it even harder.
When tracing it with his fingers, the texture felt no different from his skin. It didn’t hurt on its own, and there wasn’t any strange numbness either. And, digging his nails into it, the corresponding sharp pain came just as he would expect.
If he scratched to his heart’s content, he wondered if the black skin would break and bleed.
――And if it did bleed, would the blood be red?

[???: Subaru……]

[Subaru: Huh! No no, nothing? I just, thought my arm got sunburnt to WELL-DONE and was a little bothered by it. That’s all]

Although he was a bit shocked by the change, when he heard the pretty girl’s worried call, he immediately tried glossing it over with a joke.
One could say it’s fortunate, but Subaru wasn’t someone who balked at the sight of wounds on his own body. It’s not that he wouldn’t feel guilty about damaging the body his parents gave him, but even without this, his sense of guilt towards his parents was already piling on over and over at this point.
Still, this was a pretty wide area. If he wore long sleeves and maybe some gloves he could probably keep it from ruining anyone else’s mood.

[Subaru: I usually wear long sleeves anyway, and it’s not illegal to equip some fingerless gloves too. If I ever get into a dangerous situation, I can just yank off the glove and show them the black arm…… and they’ll be like “No way, that guy’s got BLACK ARM……!” Isn’t that just exciting to think about?]

[???+????: ――――]

Subaru licked his lips and swooshed his arm around like crazy.
Considering the changes to his arm, as well the strangeness of the whole situation, the believability of the girls’ explanations were very high.

In the first place, Subaru’s most recent memory was “Immediately after shopping at the convenience store”.
Subaru was definitely wearing his jersey when he finished shopping, but, right now, far from his favorite old jersey, he was wearing some sort of dirty worn-out travelling clothes. Nor was he wearing sneakers on his feet, and his WELL-DONE over-sunburnt arm wasn’t holding a shopping bag either.
Indeed, he had not only jumped Worlds, but had leaped through time as well.

Coming out of the convenience store, the moment he blinked his eyes, he woke up here―― that was Subaru’s understanding of it.
If so, then at which moment did he lose consciousness? By the time he realized he had been sleeping, he was woken up by a call. So then, what was the blank void before this?

――He was summoned to a Parallel World from outside the convenience store, and after some time had passed, he lost his memories.

“Summoned to a Parallel World”, sounds like the unraveling of a dream he had dreamt who knows how many times before―― yet he could not simply be pleased to accept this terrible, unexpected gift.
Unbeknownst to Subaru, Subaru had lived for a time in this Parallel World, and it was a fact that over that time, Subaru had interacted with and gotten know these girls he couldn’t recognize.
Would it really be alright to believe them, believe in their good will, and stay here with them?

[???+????――――]

[Subaru: Ah, aaaahhh, uuuuuhhhh, that, that’s right! I can understand why you’re feeling down, but I’ll just say one thing, let’s pull ourselves together and GET OUR SPIRITS UP!]

After thinking long and hard about it, Subaru suddenly puffed up with spirit and shouted that out of the blue.
Beside him and in front of him, the downcast expressions on the two girls sent his heart into a passionate boil.

Without a doubt, they were confused and heartbroken about this situation.
While it was still a bit hard for Subaru to accept that he was the primary cause of this, he knew he was the only person who could fix it.
So, extending out a hand to each of the astonished girls in a deliberately flashy gesture,

[Subaru: As far as I know, these cases of ACUTE ONSET AMNESIA usually get better due to some sudden plot development so there’s no need to be too worried. If it’s anything like in movies, it usually gets resolved in one or two hours and then everything goes back to normal for some cliched happy ending. Tragedy is the best SPICE to lead up to grand happy endings, after all!]

[???: Sorry, I kind of have no idea what you’re talking about…]

[Subaru: Ouggghh kay……?]

[???: But……]

Immediately after Subaru laid down his rapid-fire delivery full of bravado, the beautiful girl informed him that she didn’t understand any of that. Subaru felt like deflating at those words, but the girl quickly shook her head.
And then, lightly scratching the corner of her eye, with a sudden smile,

[???: Subaru is still Subaru, after all…… Mn, I’m relieved]

[Subaru: Eh. I-is that right? If you say that, then I guess I feel a little bit relieved as well……]

[???: Eiiiiii!]

[Subaru: W-what did you suddenly do that for!?]

With a spirited cry, the pretty girl slammed her palms onto her own cheeks with a force that cannot be overlooked. Clapping down with both hands at once with a crisp sound ringing out, the girl’s cheeks turned bright red.
Seeing Subaru thrown into complete disarray at the sight of that gesture, the pretty girl lightly shook her head, and,

[???: There, I got my spirit back. Being like that is no-good, is it? How could we keep making that troubled face when Subaru must be feeling even more troubled than we are]

[Subaru: It may not look like it, but this girl is crazy ferocious……]

[???: Quick, Beatrice too!]

With her cheeks still bright red, the pretty girl’s dashing declaration stunned Subaru into a state of shock. And then, with the same fervor, she called to the now petrified little girl sitting beside Subaru.
In front of the pretty girl’s intimidating presence, the little girl in a dress shriveled back a bit, but,

[???: I’m shocked too, and I also understand the sadness…… but right now, we have to think about the one who’s taking this the hardest. We have to do something for him, don’t we?]

[????: B-Betty is……]

[???: ――――]

The little girl closed her mouth as if searching for what to say.
Seeing her child-like indecision, the pretty girl didn’t say a thing, and only watched and waited for her response.
She could have continued on and pressured her to change her heart. But the girl didn’t do this. And the reason, was most likely because she had faith in the little girl.

Unable to remember them, Subaru couldn’t possibly understand the trust that existed between these two.

[????: Subaru…… must be very distraught right now, I suppose]

[Subaru: ……Well I, didn’t really, say that?]

Making an ultra-small effort to salvage some dignity, Subaru quibbled. But seeing that the loli wasn’t convinced by this, Subaru ended up scratching his head, and,

[Subaru: Aaahh, honestly, yeah. Yes, I want you to please help me!]

[????: ――――]

After being pushed into a corner, he admitted to the true state of his mind. Seeing this, the little girl’s eyes widened. In her thin, pale blue eyes, were a pair of the strangest pupils―― that is, for some reason, Subaru seemed to be seeing the wings of butterflies.

[????: ……aaaauuggghhh, just, really! Subaru is just the most hopeless Contractor in the world!]

The next moment, as if those butterfly wings had fluttered up a tornado, the loli’s attitude took a 180-degree turn. Crossing her short arms, the little girl shouted this out in an exacerbated voice.
Seeing her like this, the pretty girl smiled, and Subaru’s shoulders jumped up. And then, pointing a finger directly at Subaru’s nose,

[????: All the time, you’re just throwing up all sorts of trouble to annoy Betty, I suppose! If you don’t stop it with these, these sloppy, irresponsible shenanigans even Betty is not going to love you anymore!]

[Subaru: Ooh, ooooooooh……th, then, t-that means?]

[????: But since you’re sincerely begging for Betty’s help, I’ll let this one go, I suppose. ――At any rate, without Betty, Subaru will just be a hopeless lonely wimp who can’t go on living]

[Subaru: Did you have to put it like that!?]

The incredible rate at which the loli escalated the conversation knocked Subaru straight into shell-shock. Without this girl, would he really get so lonely that he couldn’t go on living anymore? How exaggerated could it get?

[????: Hmph, even if you tell me you’ve forgotten, I’ll make you remember, I suppose. ――Betty’s Contractor is just a mopey, fussy guy who, no matter what happens, is never going to take on any sort of sepia-colors in my reminiscences or anything like that]

[Subaru: There was a lot in there I didn’t understand… but was all that supposed to be talking about me!?]

Setting “Contractor”, or whatever words he felt like he couldn’t ignore, aside, the downcast expression on the little girl’s face seemed to have lifted. And so he decided to resist the urge to object for now.

Frankly, it was still quite difficult for Subaru to just calmly accept the current situation.
The mess in his head still hadn’t been sorted out, he still hadn’t completely come to terms with reality, and he couldn’t exactly swallow all the explanations as fact.
But even so, for now, the girls’ feelings had been conveyed to him.

[Subaru: My name is NATSUKI SUBARU. I just got here and don’t even know the left from right yet, but I assume we’re probably friends. And I realize this is a bit brazen, but, I’d like to ask you two a favor]

Jumping up once more, Subaru jabbed a finger toward the ceiling and announced his name.
And then, shooting his arms toward the two girls in front of him, he tilted his head, and,

[Subaru: ――Would you mind… telling me your names please?]

[???+ ????: ――――]

Hearing those words, for some reason, the pretty girl’s throat froze up, and the little girl blinked her eyes.
But this only lasted for a moment.
Then, setting that aside at once, smiles gradually emerged on their faces.

[Emilia: My name is Emilia, just Emilia. Nice to meet you, Subaru]

[Beatrice: Betty is the Great Spirit Beatrice, and Subaru is Betty’s Contractor, you know]

And, just like this, they told him their names.

※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※

So, after all that, Subaru managed to complete his self-introduction to Emilia and Beatrice for the second time. But――

[*Everyone*: ――――]

Over the breakfast table, after explaining why everyone had to reintroduce themselves again, the general mood was like sitting on a mat full of needles.
Naturally, Emilia and Beatrice were present. And aside from those two and himself, there were five other ladies and gentlemen in attendance―― the ratio between gentlemen and ladies was a bit skewed, but at least both genders were represented.
Emilia explained that they had all followed Subaru to this Tower―― (which, from the inside, he didn’t even realize was a tower), and that they were his companions currently putting their heads together to capture this Tower.

If we were to describe each of these fabulous members in turn, it would be―― a glamorous busty young lady in a sexy outfit, a pretty little girl with a bewitching aura unbefitting of her age, a cute-faced girl with peach-colored hair and an enchanting gaze, an elegant girl with youthful features and a gentle air about her, and, lastly, a handsome young man with upright features surrounded by an air of nobility.
“Everyone is physically attractive,” was Subaru’s miserable realization about this Parallel World at this point.

[Subaru: Well… just from personal preference… I still think the beautiful silver-haired Emilia-chan takes first place…]

[*Everyone*: ――――]

He whispered that random unnutritious thought out loud and met an extremely cold reception in return.
Well obviously. After all, they’ve just been told that Subaru lost his memories―― and had forgotten every single one of them. It was inevitable they’d be as stumped as Emilia and Beatrice were.

[Emilia: So, I guess everyone is pretty shocked…… Subaru is in quite a situation right now. But, even in a situation like this…… no, precisely because the situation is like this, we should give him our support]

Saying this, Emilia pitched in to help Subaru sum up his situation.
Nonetheless, even in the short time that he’s gotten to know her, he could already tell that she wasn’t very good at public speaking. It was only when Beatrice spoke her piece that they able to take control of the conversation that was rolling all over the place.
Thanks to that, Subaru’s condition was just barely communicated to everyone present, when――

[*Peach-Colored-Haired Girl*: ――Emilia-sama, may I?]

Raising her hand, the girl with peach-colored hair asked Emilia for permission to speak. Emilia, who was addressed with the respectful “sama”, nodded [Mmhm] as a matter of course.

[Emilia: That girl is Ram. She’s a maid from the Mansion…… maid, do you know what that is?]

[Subaru: NO-PROBLEM…… but, a Mansion-Maid, you say. Mn, I think I got it]

The pretty peach-color-haired girl named Ram―― according to Emilia’s supplementary information, was apparently a Maid. Judging from the fact that she had a maid with her, Subaru could more or less imagine what Emilia’s identity might be, while Ram, who couldn’t care less about that train of thought right now, shot a pale-red, piercing glare at Subaru,

[Ram: Is this some kind of prank, Barusu?]

[Subaru: I know I can’t help but come off as suspicious here, but that’s the truth. Also, what’s with turning my name into a Blinding-Curse, oy. ……And, the sleeping girl back there, are you her older sister?]

[Ram: ――――]

Being called by that blockhead name, Subaru frowned up his face and objected. Hearing this, Ram narrowed her eyes.
His question was about the girl in the green-colored room he had woken up in―― who was not among those present here.
With bright, light-blue hair, and facial features identical to Ram’s―― she was sleeping, and no matter what kind of commotion was being thrown up around her, she went on sleeping as though it had anything to do with her. After introducing himself for the second time, she was the first person Subaru asked Emilia and Beatrice about.

According to them, finding a way to wake her from her unwaking slumber was one of the primary reasons they came to capture this Tower.

[Subaru: Sorry I caused all this trouble when you’re trying to wake up your sister. But I honestly have no idea what’s going on with a lot of things right now. So please insult me all you want once I get my memories back]

[Ram: ……The way you said that… you really don’t remember? That frivolous attitude and tone doesn’t seem any different from regular Barusu]

[Subaru: When you put it like that, it almost sounds like I still got all my good qualities from before. That’s good news, right? Well, like they say, “a man’s nature doesn’t change so easily”, so please treat the new me the same way you treated me before!]

Subaru puffed himself up with spirit, and Ram only stared at this irresponsible attitude in disbelief.
Like nothing changed at all. Subaru was so much like his usual self that she couldn’t help but have such doubts. Apart from the memory loss, it was true that it didn’t seem all that bad.
At least, in terms of interactions, there was no need to worry about anything feeling off.

[Subaru: So that’s basi…… Uuoouuhh!?]

[*Busty Girl*: Teacher-sama~?]

Just as he was about to take a breath after Ram’s questioning, Subaru almost flipped upside down when he felt a sweet breath blowing into his ear. Completing his emergency sideways-trajectory, he looked back and saw the glamorous black-haired girl standing in a position close enough to lick his left ear.
Wearing a black bikini, hot-pants, and a cloak―― the girl seemed to be aiming for a rather specific fetishism. But, what freaked Subaru out wasn’t her clothing, but her movement.
Only a moment ago, she was sitting cross-legged across from him on the floor. How did she manage to get up and sneak beside him?

[Subaru: Uh, the uhhh……]

[Shaula: It’s Shaula! Teacher-sama’s favorite disciple, and the Stars-Keeper of this Pleiades Watchtowerrrr!]

[Subaru: Stars Keeper……? Also, by Teacher-sama… you mean me……?]

[Shaula: Yessu!]

Beaming a smile that could outshine the sun at Subaru, who was pointing a finger at himself, the beautiful girl――Shaula nodded. The sight of that carefree smile completely turned Subaru’s impression on its head.
In terms of outer appearance, she seemed to be the girl closest to marriageable age in the group, and, combined with that fashion choice, he originally thought there was an especially mature attractiveness about her. But her attitude was like a ten-year-old. Or rather, like a puppy that’s overjoyed to be noticed by its master, or something like that.

In fact, not too far from Subaru’s impression, Shaula was wagging her black ponytail behind her like a dog wagging its tail.

[Shaula: Say, Teacher-sama… you’re still not tired of playing around like thisuu? Just how many times do you have to forget me before you cut that outtt?]

[Subaru: It’s not like it’s a matter of having had enough or not! Actually, are you telling me my memories get blown away very often!? Did crossing dimensions make my memories easy to blow away or something!?]

Hearing Shaula’s air-headed comment, Subaru looked around at the others to make sure.
Although Subaru had been barely able to accept the reality of his memory loss, having it happen frequently was a whole other story. That’s not just acute anymore, that’d be a chronic condition. If he’s constantly losing his memories because of some endemic Parallel World disease, that’s quite a bit more serious than just making daily life inconvenient.

[Subaru: What is it? Do I really lose my memories that often?]

[Beatrice: No, of course not. Calm down, I suppose. Shaula, don’t make Subaru more confused than he already is. He’s just finally settled down too……]

Holding Subaru’s left hand, Beatrice, who was sitting beside him all along, sighed. She shot Shaula a piercing stare, and in return, Shaula stuck out her tongue with [Wleh~],

[Shaula: I wasn’t trying to trouble Teacher-sama, you knowww. Ah, but then, if that makes Teacher-sama’s head filled with Shaula, then that’s ok too isn’t itttt. Oooh I’m such a fiendish girllll. Teacher-sama, do you like fiendish girlsuu?]

[Subaru: At this point in time, fiendish just means confusing, so no thank you. Right now I only want help from Angel/Goddess/Fairy-types, so I’ll leave half-naked older-sister-types for another time]

[Shaula: Tchiiiii, that’s so meannnn! Even though my boobs are so big, Teacher-sama’s so meannnn~]

In front of Shaula’s ever-escalating affection towards him, Subaru declined her offer with an awkward smile. Honestly, he didn’t dislike her at all, but he could tell that her affection was not directed at the Subaru of this moment, but at the “Teacher-sama” Subaru of her devotions.
In fact, Emilia and Beatrice’s fondness of him must have been the same as well――

[*Little Girl With Indigo-Blue Hair*: Really, Onii-san is such a headache-san]

Regardless of Subaru’s inner thoughts, the little girl commented in her sweet voice.
She was a little girl who appeared to be about the same age as Beatrice, but unlike Beatrice’s fairy-like features, her face was still within the realm of human cuteness. Her indigo blue hair was tied in a French braid, and a rather unbecoming seductive gaze was being sent out from her eyes.

[Subaru: I should like to have a word with your parents, bei-bee~]

[*Little Girl With Indigo-Blue Hair*: ――. It’d be better if you don’t. Onii-san and mommy won’t get along, you know. Also, aren’t we talking about Onii-san’s memories right now?]

[Subaru: Even if you say that, there’s no way to get them back right away…… For now, let’s just start with your name. Tell me that, and we’ll have taken the first step in our friendship, you know!]

[*Indigo-Blue-Haired Little Girl*: Pffu…… friendship]

Not sure what was funny, but the little girl covered her mouth and quietly snickered. It was like a snicker somewhere in between mocking and speechlessness, and yet, it was neither of the two.
Subaru couldn’t understand why she was laughing like that, but,

[Meili: I’m Meili, Onii-san. If you haven’t forgotten your sewing skills along with your memories, I still hope you could make me stuffed animals again]

[Subaru: OooOh, my hidden power has already been revealed? Sounds like I’m pretty fond of Meili, huh. Are you also my little-sister-protegee like Beatrice?]

[Beatrice: That girl was an assassin sent to murder Subaru and Betty in our house, I suppose]

[Subaru: What kind of joke is that!?]

Beatrice dumped a rather heavy-weight joke on him, but, for some reason, no one else was denying it. Unless… Subaru looked at Meili, and she gave him a little smile and waved her hand.
Subaru had no idea what actually happened, but this little girl being an assassin―― still sounded a bit unrealistic. Although, maybe it wouldn’t hurt to stay on the safe side.

[Subaru: So then, Ram and Shaula and Meili have all introduced themselves. Then the next would be……]

Setting his various questions about Meili aside for now, Subaru turned his sights on the remaining two people―― to the light-purple-haired girl in a scarf, and the handsome-featured youth.
Of all those present, only these two hadn’t uttered a single word since they explained Subaru’s situation. And, to Subaru, with the gender ratio excessively tilted towards females, that youth was the only person of the same gender as him. So he was quite looking forward to what he had to say, but,

[*Handsome Youth*: ――――]

The silent youth’s yellow pupils were trembling, and a ghastly aura was emanating from him as he sat there. It was an atmosphere that made one hesitate to speak to him, and Subaru couldn’t say a word.
Even for Subaru, who was universally recognized for his inability to read the mood, seeing the youth like this made him reluctant to set foot into his world.
Perhaps, out of all the people in this room, he was the one whom this had hit the hardest.

[*Light-Purple-Haired Girl*: Just……]

[*Handsome Youth*: …Gh]

[*Light-Purple-Haired Girl*: Just, give him a little time. That’s fine, right?]

In that youth’s stead, the pretty girl in a scarf lightly raised her hand and said this. Her clothing seemed to be quite a bit warmer than the others, and, contrary to her cute appearance, her tone was a tad tomboyish―― somewhat reminiscent of what they call a Boku-ko back home. And just like this, she sliced through the congealing atmosphere.
Either way, her words salvaged the conversation. Although, for some reason, Emilia and everyone else seemed terribly confused about something just now.

[Subaru: Aah, yeah, of course. It’s my bad for suddenly shocking everyone with this……]

[*Light-Purple-Haired Girl*: The way I* see it, it’s not only that……] (*’Boku’, the masculine ‘I’)

[Subaru: Ooooh, it is a Boku-ko?]

So this girl who gave off the impression of a Boku-ko, actually did refer to herself with “Boku”.
With a thoughtful expression, the girl played with her scarf and wryly smiled at Subaru’s words,

[“Anastasia”: For now, you may call me Anastasia. In fact, if it weren’t for your shocking revelation, it would have been me in your place, making a shocking revelation of my own. But it seems, there’s been a mixup]

※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※

[Subaru: A shocking… revelation……?]

Unsure what kind of revelation she was planning to make, Subaru seemed perplexed by her words, but Anastasia only lightly smiled, and did not answer him. All the while, watching their exchange, the expressions on Emilia and Beatrice’s faces also seemed as though they were puzzled by something.
They didn’t know what Anastasia was going to confess either―― but there appeared to be something else that was bothering them.

[Ram: In any case, it seems Knight Julius needs some time to settle down…… so let’s prepare breakfast in the meantime. Emilia-sama, can I borrow Barusu to fetch some water with me?]

[Subaru: Eh?]

Standing up from her seat, Ram patted her knees as she said this.
Instead of indulging in the stagnancy of the situation, she suggested making use of the time. It made sense, yet something about it felt off as Emilia’s face seemed surprised by this unexpected request.
No matter what, to ask an amnesiac Subaru to accompany her would just be――

[Emilia: Subaru’s memories are muddled up, maybe it’s better to let him rest……]

[Ram: Even if we let him rest, there is no way for him to recover his memories right away. Barusu said this himself. Besides, whether or not he has his memories, Barusu is still a servant under Roswaal-sama’s employment. He’s just a bit more forgetful than usual, to use that as an excuse for slacking off is unforgivable]

[Subaru: That’s pretty harsh, Ram-chan…… Ram-san?]

[Ram: ――――]

Ram shot him a glare, and Subaru’s shoulders shriveled up into a ball.
Even so, perhaps Ram was right. Although Subaru was currently in a difficult situation, he wouldn’t feel comfortable being overly pampered because of it.
Besides――

[Subaru: ――――]

Watching the downcast youth supported by Anastasia, Subaru felt that he shouldn’t be there, at least until the youth had settled down.
Or maybe it was because she noticed this, that she wanted to bring Subaru out of the room.

[Subaru: If that’s the case, I shouldn’t underestimate you, Ram……]

[Ram: ……Anyways, let’s go, Barusu. I don’t expect other capabilities from you, but at least you should have no problem drawing water]

[Emilia: Oh, then we could……]

[Ram: You shouldn’t spoil Barusu, if you want what’s best for him]

Perhaps calling her name without any suffixes was the correct answer, since Ram didn’t object that time. Instead, she stopped Emilia, who wanted to come along.
Just as Emilia was about to argue, Subaru cut in, [It’s fine it’s fine],

[Subaru: Ram’s got a point. Aside from what’s in my brain, my body is fine. I heard that I’m supposed to be a servant? Like a scullery boy? Seems like it I guess, so in that case I should go draw some water and resume my duties]

[Emilia: …….Subaru you’re not a servant, you’re my…]

[Subaru: I’m your, what? ――! Unless uh, I..I’m, your lll…ll..l-lover or……]

[Emilia: No no, it’s absolutely totally not that at all]

[Subaru: It’s absolutely totally not that at all!? Well, yeah I guess……]

Breathing heavily through his nostrils, asking this full of hope, he was immediately shot down by Emilia.
She was definitely his type all the way, but this highborn flower was too far out of his reach. Memories or not, how could Subaru possibly hope to come within reach of such a cute girl like her?

[Subaru: Anyways, don’t mind me, go take care of your end. Hopefully by the time I come back, he’ll feel a little better……]

[Emilia: ……Mn, you’re right. I understand. I’ll… try to talk to him somehow]

Putting jokes aside, Subaru lowered his voice and whispered this to Emilia while pointing in the direction of the young man. The youth seemed to be exchanging words with Anastasia, but for some reason, he didn’t appear to be feeling any better.
It would be great if Emilia and Beatrice could slightly lift his spirits.
Either way, he wasn’t expecting Shaula or Meili to be of much help in the matter.

[Subaru: Of course, the most dependable one here is Betty. I’ll leave it to you, Contract-ko]

[Beatrice: ――. I’d prefer if you don’t call me that]

[Subaru: ――? Aw really? Then, just Beatrice?]

[Beatrice: ……That’s… good enough for now. Subaru can leave it to Betty]

Still holding his hand, Beatrice slightly objected to what Subaru called her. Seeing her reaction, Subaru got the feeling that he made the wrong choice in the end, but still didn’t know how to fix it.
Then, Beatrice let go of Subaru’s hand and turned her eyes toward Ram,

[Beatrice: Older twin-sister, I’ll entrust Subaru to you, I suppose]

[Ram: Understood. But we’re not going far, I doubt it will be dangerous?]

[Beatrice: It was precisely in that kind of un-dangerous place that Subaru dropped all his memories, you know]

[Ram: Good point]

[Subaru: Uugghh, no counter-argument at all……]

Listening to the exchange between Beatrice and Ram, Subaru was stuck with this unpleasant consensus. Just then, Emilia brought back a water bucket from the edge of the room.
Handing the bucket to Subaru,

[Emilia: Just go slowly with Ram and take your time. I’ll try my best to calm him down before you get back]

[Subaru: Ah, alright, do your best. I’ll leave it to you, Emilia-chan]

[Emilia: ――. Mhm]

For just a moment, there was a pause before she replied, but Subaru didn’t pursue it.

[Ram: Barusu]

Ram called for him to hurry up, and Subaru took the bucket in one hand and followed her out of the room. As he left, he stole a glance in the direction of the youth, but he still didn’t appear to be in a state to talk.

[Subaru: ……So uh, would it be alright if I ask what the problem was?]

[Ram: You mean Knight Julius? That is quite cruel of you, Barusu]

[Subaru: It’s, cruel……?]

There was now only the two of them. Walking down the hallway side by side with Ram, Subaru asked about the youth who seemed to have been more shocked than anyone else in the room.
Her reply was that he was cruel, and he had picked up that the youth’s name was Julius, a name that gave off quite a smart impression, he thought.

[Subaru: I guess we can leave him to Emilia and Beatrice, that’s why you brought me out here, isn’t it. It wasn’t just to fetch water, right?]

Having put a little distance between the room and themselves, Subaru got straight to the point.

[Ram:――――]

[Subaru: Not talking, huh. I mean, I’m not saying that for sure, I could be wrong and it could turn out to be really super embarrassing for me maybe]

[Ram:――――]

[Subaru: ……Unless, it was really just to get water? Um uh, if that’s the case please forget what I said, uhh, now that I think about it, all that smug-faced “Something must be up?” was just totally cringey right now]

[Ram:――――]

[Subaru: Ah?]

Thinking he probably got it wrong, Subaru’s face was starting to tense up from the lack of a response. But, just as he was trying to find some way to smooth it over, Ram stopped in her tracks.
Going ahead for two extra steps before realizing that she had stopped, Subaru stopped as well and turned around towards Ram.
She lightly brushed her peach-colored hair, and,

[Ram: ――That’s enough, dumbass, you can drop the act now Barusu]

Then, with a slight tinge of anger in her light-red pupils, she spoke.

[Subaru: Eh? The act……?]

[Ram: That’s the whole point of changing locations, you understand that don’t you? You didn’t have to make a girl so embarrassed. Disgusting]

[Subaru: Disgusting!]

Not understanding what she was trying to say, Subaru furrowed his brows. But in the meantime, Ram hugged her own elbows, and shook her head at his stupid-looking expression.

[Ram: Anyways, Barusu must’ve come up with some kind of half-assed plan again, didn’t you? Nevermind the indiscrete Emilia-sama, the opposing faction Anastasia-sama, and the untrustworthy Shaula…… at least tell Ram what you’re thinking]

――That way, they can better coordinate in case something goes wrong.

With that as the subtext, Ram plainly said this to Subaru.
Receiving this, Subaru’s eyes drifted for a bit, before bringing up his right arm and scratching hard at his hair.

[Subaru: About that, um. Ram, what you said just now. It’s not that I don’t understand, but…..]

[Ram: But?]

[Subaru: Sorry, but, this is really not an act or a prank or anything. I really don’t remember. Sorry I can’t live up to your expectations]

[Ram: Stubborn. I know Barusu always likes to go at it alone, but this time it concerns me as well. Ram has a stake in what happens to Rem. So I’m afraid you have to let me in on this]

[Subaru: No, but I mean……]

Who’s being stubborn here? Subaru felt himself at a loss with Ram insisting like this.
No doubt she couldn’t accept the fact that he had lost his memories, but seeing her so obstinate, Subaru didn’t know what to do. In the end, how would pretending to lose his memories help capture this tower, anyway?

[Ram: Even though Ram doesn’t understand…… If it’s Barusu, Barusu always has a plan. So, come clean with me. I will keep it secret]

[Subaru: Although sharing a secret just between the two of us sounds enticing and all……]

She didn’t know the details, but she was certain Subaru had a plan.
The way Ram said this made him so surprised that he stood there stunned for a moment. But even if she questioned him with this flimsy logic, Subaru wouldn’t know what to tell her.
Come to think of it, she said “If it’s Subaru”. Just how much faith did she have in him?
But, while Subaru was busy being occupied with these thoughts, Ram――

[Ram: Barusu]

[Subaru: Hm? ……Egh, oy!?]

Suddenly taking a step forward, Ram closed in and swung her arm, and the bucket flew from Subaru’s left hand. Metal struck upon the stone floor, and its high-pitched noise rang down the hallway.
Shocked, Subaru was about to raise his voice to ask her why she did that. But――

[Subaru: Uuogh]

A hand clenched onto his collar, and by the time he noticed he had lost his balance, he was pinned against the wall.
Letting out a small cry at the pain of his back striking against the wall, Subaru realized it was because of the small statured girl in front of him.
He realized it, but he didn’t know why.

[Subaru: What, what’re you doing……]

[Ram: Tell me. If you don’t cut this out, Ram also has some other ideas]

[Subaru: ――T! What the hell’s with you! Didn’t I tell you I got nothing!? I’m not lying to you! I…]

Faced with her quiet threat and use of violence, even Subaru’s patience had reached its limit. How many times did he have to say it before she believed him?
Just like this, he tried to grab of Ram’s wrist that was clenching onto his collar, when――

[Ram: ――That’s enough! Spit it out!!]

[Subaru: ――――]

Hearing this up-close bark, Subaru’s anger scattered away through his ears.
Perhaps it was the shock――but it was not only that. There was shock. But after the shock of this sudden scream, he felt her strength falling away.
But, aside from this, there was still something else stopping him from moving.

[Ram: Spit it… out……]

Her voice was trembling.
Hearing this, even without his memories, Subaru nonetheless felt its impact.
The impact was not only because she had betrayed his impression of her, but because of another, indeterminate reason as well.

[Ram: ……Please, spit it… out]

[Subaru: r…am?]

[Ram: ……please]

Softly, leaning her forehead against his chest, the girl spilled this out in a trembling voice.
Having lost all of the force of a moment ago, the only thing that remained was sorrow.

She wasn’t crying. Because she wasn’t so fragile.
She wasn’t grieving. Because she wasn’t so kind to herself.

――Only, held within that voice, was a sorrow that had no place to go.
――To whom, or where, or what was it pointed?

[Ram: If even Barusu has forgotten, then Ram is…….then Rem……]

[Subaru: ――――]

[Ram: Then Rem… she……]

Rem, was the name of her little sister.
Sleeping in a bed in the Green Room, a sleeping princess who looked exactly like her.

That girl, and her older sister in front of him, just what must have happened between Subaru and them? It was not something Subaru could imagine at this moment.

All Subaru knew was that Ram was truly relying on whatever he had forgotten.

[Subaru: ……I’m sorry]

Dropping down his arms, watching her as she pressed her forehead against his chest so he could not see her expression, Subaru quietly apologized.

Was it an apology for what he had forgotten, or an apology because he couldn’t answer her?
It was probably both, and some other emotions mixed in as well.

[――――]

Other than that, Ram didn’t say anything more.
Subaru didn’t say anything either. Only, feeling Ram grabbing tightly onto his shirt, he closed his eyes.

――Only the bucket that had rolled onto the floor was staring at the two, helplessly leaning against each other.




Chapter 35
[???: Subaru knows how painful it is to be forgotten. So… forgetting someone… he would never joke about something like that]

[――――]

On their way back to the room, Subaru inadvertently held his breath when heard the voice from inside.
Even though he couldn’t see who was speaking, he knew from the voice, beautiful like a silver chime, that it was Emilia. Listening to her say his name in her slightly tense voice, Subaru couldn’t help but strain his cheeks into an awkward smile.

Carried within that voice was a powerful trust, and an equally powerful plea.
It was from Emilia to “Natsuki Subaru”, and certainly not to this Subaru. He acutely understood this.

[Ram: ……would never joke about something like that. Yes. Never thought I’d say this, but Emilia-sama is right]

Also hearing that voice, Ram, who accompanied Subaru, whispered this self-derisive comment under her breath. Unlike Subaru, who was carrying the water-filled bucket, she was empty-handed and holding her elbows, her nails digging into her white skin.
Almost like a reminder to herself, a regret, and an extension of the pain of an unfulfillable vow.

[Subaru: Ram……]

[Ram: It was just a pointless joke, forget you ever heard it. It’ll only worry Emilia-sama if you bring it up. So for the sake of Ram’s impeccable reputation, keep it to yourself. If you dare mention it t……]

[Subaru: ――――]

[Ram: ……It seems you, really don’t remember]

If he dares mention it, something scary will happen. That was probably what she was trying to say. Or perhaps, she was expecting Subaru to counter with a quip before she did so.
Just like before, when the connection between her and her younger sister was brought up, he thought he saw a glimpse of disappointment flashing across her pale-red eyes. But that sadness disappeared in an instant.
The fact that she wouldn’t let him tell anyone, was it because Ram was too strong for that, or because she was too weak?

He didn’t know what lay in the depths of her heart.
Only, faintly, on the center of Subaru chest, there was still a lingering trace of where her head had rested.

[Ram: ――Sorry to keep you waiting. We’ve returned]

Without giving him any time to think, Ram resumed her steps and headed into the room. That stubborn attitude might just be Ram expressing her insistence on the matter. Seeing this, Subaru had no choice but to respect her feelings and not mention the matter.
Subaru entered a few steps behind her, a more or less strained atmosphere spread throughout the room.
But even so, it was still somewhat better than immediately after Subaru made his shocking revelation.
As proof of that, after Emilia greeted the returning Subaru with [Thanks for the hard work], the next voice that followed was,

[Julius: ……Earlier, I showed you an unsightly side of me. Is it alright if we start over?]

[Subaru: Oh, ohh. I should be the one t… I mean, I’m the one who surprised you w……. Ahh no, I shouldn’t have interrupted you. Please go on]

[Julius: There is no need to be so restrained. If you’re so formal with me, I wouldn’t feel at ease]

Saying this, a faint smile emerged on the purple haired youth――Julius’s face.
Earlier, he was the one who had turned pale at Subaru’s revelation. Subaru didn’t know what Emilia and Beatrice might’ve said to him while he was gone fetching water, but he seemed to have recovered enough strength to speak.
Only, there were still the words Ram said to him in the corridor. ――When he asked her about Julius, she told him that he was too cruel. Just what could she have meant by that?

[Julius: Let us start again, I am Julius Euculius. This is Anastasia-sama…… I serve as her Knight. And you…… are like a friend, of sorts]

[Subaru: I see, nice to meet you…… but, why did that last part not feel very confident there?]

[Julius: Unfortunately, we might have had a slightly different understanding of our relationship. I myself think of you as a friend, but as for what you think of me, it’s……]

[Subaru: Literally… lost to memory, huh]

[Julius: ――. That is, quite true]

Picking up a certain elegance in his words and conduct, Subaru bent his lips.
According to Emilia, he was the only other male member of their company on this journey into these treacherous environments―― so, naturally, there must have been considerable trust between them.
But then again, considering Julius’ knightly air and their exchange just now, even without memories, Subaru could imagine his previous-self having made a terrible first impression.

[Emilia: It’s alright, there’s no need to worry. Subaru and Julius are reeaally good friends. We were there, so we can all attest to that]

[Meili: That’s right. There’s no reason to be so worried about this, is there? Knight-Onii-san’s already got plenty of other problems to worry about]

Watching their exchange, Emilia cut herself in with her hands on her hips, and Meili mockingly concurred with a mischievous look in her eyes.
Whereas Emilia’s words were purely out of concern for Subaru and Julius’ first meeting, Meili’s seemed to be insinuating something entirely different altogether.
Subaru furrowed his brows when he heard this, while Julius nodded as if having understood her meaning.

[Julius: Why, yes. What Meili said is true. Subaru, although we do need to discuss what happened to you, it is not the only problem we are presently faced with. In this regard, please allow me to explain]

[Ram: This, would it be related to Anastasia-sama’s strange behavior this morning?]

[Julius: ……Your observation is correct, Miss Ram]

Ram said this, leaning against a wall, and Julius slightly cast down his eyes in reply. Seeing this, Ram narrowed her eyes towards Anastasia, and let out a small sigh.

[Ram: Barusu, give me the water bucket. I will begin preparing the meal]

[Subaru: ……Aren’t we about to discuss something important?]

[Ram: I will be still in the same room. So I can still hear everything. ……Working will help take my mind off of things]

Brusquely saying this, Ram snatched the water bucket from Subaru’s hand and headed towards the luggage-filled corner of the room. Then, they saw her slender back setting about exactly that task.

[Emilia: Sorry. Ram… she isn’t usually like this……]

[“Anastasia”: Of course, there is no need to mind. It is understandable that she would feel this way. ――Seeing the desired information one couldn’t wait to pull out of the other person’s throat suddenly fly so far away, anyone would feel this way]

Anastasia calmly shook her head to Emilia’s apology. And, hearing Anastasia’s reply, both Emilia and Beatrice made a difficult expression.
Subaru didn’t know what might have crossed their minds―― but the answer to that soon came from Anastasia’s own mouth.

[“Anastasia”: Now then, even though after all the confusion this morning, I would honestly do not wish to burden you with any more surprises…… I do think that keeping it hidden would only sow the seeds for discord down the road. Therefore, if your accepting soils would permit it, allow me to confide something in you]

[Beatrice: ……Such an arrogant and roundabout thing to say. Hurry up and get to the point, I suppose]

[“Anastasia”: There is no need to be so frightened, Beatrice. ――One could say we are as close as sisters, you and I. In fact, it is just as you guessed]

[Beatrice: ――――]

Beatrice’s cheeks froze at Anastasia’s words. Standing beside Subaru, as if naturally seeking something to rely on, the young girl’s fingers lightly grasped onto Subaru’ sleeve.
Subaru cast her a side glance, and after some hesitation took her hand. The tips of her fingers were faintly quivering from the shock, but soon, the small palm accepted this warmth in turn.

[“Anastasia”: ……Your relationship with your Contractor is indeed amicable and ideal. I wish I could have had the same perfect relationship with Ana, but unfortunately, it is not going so well]

[Emilia: You are addressing Anastasia-san like you’re talking about someone else. So that means, you’re……]

[“Anastasia”: Ah, yes, you guessed correctly. ――Right now, the consciousness inhabiting this body is not Ana’s. Anastasia Hoshin is sleeping deep inside this body. And the one addressing you now would be something of a deceased ghost that has temporarily taken over this fleshly form]

Emilia’s breath choked up, and Beatrice held tighter onto Subaru. Julius’ face wringed with pain at her confession, and Meili still looked bored as ever. Only Shaula, sitting cross-legged beside Meili, was completely aloof to the conversation, with her attention solely focused on Ram who was preparing the meal.
With her back turned, no one could make out Ram’s expression as she continued about her work.
Lastly, for Subaru――

[Subaru: ……What’re you guys talking about? I didn’t get any of that]

Left all the way behind, naturally, he could only make a difficult expression.

※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※

 ――The body of the girl named Anastasia Hoshin was now dominated by another existence, while her own existence was soundly sleeping.

Simply put, that was what “Anastasia”―― or, the spirit by the name of Echidona, had explained.
It seemed that fact was quite shocking to Emilia and Beatrice, while for Subaru, rather than shock, it only served to exacerbate his confusion.

Subaru barely had any impressions of Anastasia in the first place. Imagine someone came up and told him right when they first met that “I used to be Anastasia, but now I’m actually this other person”.

[Subaru: ……I-is that so… That’s uh. That’s… pretty big news, huh]

He couldn’t exactly react except like it was someone else’s affairs.
No doubt, it was only from the reactions of those around him that he figured that this was a pretty serious situation. After all, they came to this tower for a reason.

It was in order to find a way to save the girl that kept on sleeping, and to help those people struck with some unknown disease, that they came here. ――Or at least, that’s what he had been told.

[Ram: We barely just got here and the key people are already falling apart…… Barusu dropped his memories somewhere, and Anastasia-sama’s consciousness is deep in the abyss…]

[Subaru: Ugh… doesn’t look good at all, huh……]

Listening to Ram’s blunt remark, Subaru dejectedly held his head.
The problems were just piling up―― Subaru hadn’t even sorted out his own mess, and more difficulties just kept coming. They were going nowhere.
In that case――

[Emilia: Everyone, I think even if we hang our heads like this, we won’t solve anything. I understand the frustration, I do…… but, we can’t let our spirits down]

[――――]

[Emilia: A lot of people’s hopes are riding on us coming to this tower. What happened to Subaru and Anastasia-san, that is a big deal. But…]

Emilia clapped her hands together and gathered everyone’s attention to herself.
Then, after pausing a beat, she scanned her amethyst eyes over everyone present,

[Emilia: We can’t stop here. ――We musn’t give up, that’s what I’ve always been taught]

Emilia said this firmly as she looked at each member’s face in turn. Her gaze finally fell on Subaru, who held his breath as he was pierced by their amethyst charm.
Naturally, his chest heated up. He didn’t know what to say, but he could see the expectation in her eyes. Receiving it, and feeling like he must do something, Subaru tightened his fist.

[Beatrice: Ow! That hurts! Oy, Subaru!]

[Subaru: Ah, my ba……no, not bad! Because this is proof of my determination!]

[Beatrice: Even if you say that with a straight face it still hurt when it hurt, I suppose! Reflect on your actions now!]

[Subaru: S-sorry. Hurting you was my bad. But my determination was not! Yeah, that’s right!]

Subaru apologized to Beatrice’s protests that her delicate wrist was being squished, but he quickly shook his head.
He could see that the situation as worrying. But simply worrying about unsolvable problems wouldn’t move anything forward at all. Subaru knew this from personal experience, in fact.
If Subaru was alone, he would certainly have lost his way. But, he wasn’t alone. Even if he had forgotten everything on his end, there was still Emilia and the others. And so――

[Subaru: It’s true, my memories slipping away all of a sudden has caused you a lot of trouble, I’m sorry about that. But that doesn’t mean it’s hopeless. Think of it another way. Who knows, maybe now I’m freed from the unnecessary fetters and ready to burst out with new ideas like a fresh spring or something. Then that means we’re ready to break out of this mess, doesn’t it?]

[“Anastasia”: ……that’s… quite a progressive take on it]

[Subaru: Would you rather go backwards instead? All the important things are ahead of us. They say the Goddess of Fortune only shows her bangs, you know? Besides, when it comes to capturing this tower, maybe we’ll need to come up with a more flexible idea. One that isn’t confined by the conventions of this world, like, AN IDEA FROM ANOTHER WORLD!]

“Anastasia”―― or rather, Echidona, wryly smiled at that momentous remark, but she was pushed back by an even more momentous retort. Even though he was just bluffing, what he said was right, and there was a need to break out of the current atmosphere.
Listening to Subaru’s thoughts, the difficult expressions on everyone’s faces began to change.

[Emilia: ……Mmn, that’s right. Subaru has always gotten over all sorts of trouble like this. So, this time, you’ll definitely get us through it too]

[Subaru: Oooh! That’s the spirit! Though that kinda sounds like I’ll have to do all the work here… but since you’re counting on me, I’ll do my best. Such a cute girl is asking for my help, after all!]

[Emilia: Thank you, Subaru. ――Hm, I’m glad. Subaru is still Subaru, after all]

[Subaru: ――――]

Hearing Emilia’s whisper as she put a hand to her ample chest in relief, Subaru was almost caught off-guard.

――“Subaru is still Subaru, after all”

Hearing her sigh of relief from the bottom of her heart, Subaru felt relieved as well.
“I guess that’s enough”, he thought.
Little by little, this self would be able to fill the hole left by the Natsuki Subaru she knew. If he could do just that, then he should be able to smooth over all the jumbled relationships here.

[Julius: ……Well well, that sure is optimistic]

[Subaru: Huh?]

Just when Subaru was relieved by Emilia’s words, Julius suddenly cut in. Sensing Subaru’s gaze, he shrugged, and loosened his lips with [Nothing],

[Julius: I just thought, memories or not, it’s still as impossible as ever to tell whether you’re brave or reckless. On the other hand, perhaps you would only think this because you’ve forgotten the enormity of the obstacle we are facing]

[Subaru: Oy, why’s there always something annoying about the stuff you say? Unless…… no way, is that just your true nature? Julius-san…… I mean, just Julius]

[Julius: ……I see. It’s just as Emilia-sama said, memories or not really doesn’t matter. One’s nature is not so easy changed]

[Subaru: I guess I can kind of imagine what kind of relationship we have now. We must be more comfortable with each other than anything else, huh]

They were not harsh words of malice, but an exchange of friendly jabs. Nevertheless, Subaru was convinced that there was a certain sense of distance between them.
His initial impression wasn’t wrong. Subaru and Julius mustn’t have liked each other very much when they first met. But afterwards, through various things they’ve experienced together, their relationship must have improved to the point where they could travel to this tower together――

[Subaru: Then I’ll be counting on you, Julius. Until I get my memories back, I’ll trouble you for a little longer]

[Julius: Yeah, it can’t be helped. Then I will reignedly accept this as my duty. ――Memories are just a trivial matter. I see. ……That’s right]

Julius quietly nodded to Subaru’s friendly address, and the topic ended there.
His memories were lost, and the problems just kept coming. This definitely wasn’t something one would meet with a bright face, that was a fact, but to face it nonetheless was a testament to his strength.

[Julius: When the person in question isn’t all that concerned, perhaps that is a grace as well]

[Subaru: I just don’t show it. There’s actually a whole storm churning in my chest right now. But, I’ll take the opportunity to get healed by some alone-time with Emilia-chan later]

[Emilia: ――? You want a lap pillow?]

[Subaru: Auhm, no. I’m sorry. Isn’t that uh… a bit rushed]

After saying it with his chest pumped up and his spirits high, Subaru suddenly shrunk. Not expecting Emilia to be so willing to give him such tender healing, his heart started cowering in fear.
Moreover, it’s a lap pillow. Naturally, his gaze fell onto her soft white thighs――

[Ram: It’s ready. Come help carry it, Barusu-pervert]

[Subaru: OW!?]

Feeling something kick in back of his knees, Subaru let out a wail on the spot and collapsed to the floor. All the while, Ram looked down on him with a look of disdain, as if chastising him for his indecency.

[Ram: Your useless positivity is one of your only virtues, Barusu. Use that positivity to set up the food. As well as for cleaning, tidying, and various other chores]

[Subaru: You just want to slack off, don’t you……]

[Shaula: Ooh! Teacher-sama, I’ll help as well-su~! F-o-o-d! F-o-o-d!]

Just as Subaru was protesting Ram’s forceful transfer of responsibilities, he was immediately cut off by Shaula’s pressing desire for sustenance. Seeing Shaula beginning to carry out the plates, Subaru had no choice but to join in the preparations.

[Subaru: Lets see the menu…… that kinda just looks like preserved rations]

[Ram: In fact, it is precisely preserved rations. The few fresh foods Emilia-sama brought over have already ran out. So the diet will be quite bland in the foreseeable future]

[Subaru: Well, hopefully we can capture this tower quickly and get back to somewhere more populated]

He had heard it said that people’s hearts are only at ease once there are ample food and clothing. In that sense, he wasn’t sure just how long they could last in this tower.
Particularly in regards to food, in the absence of his memory, Subaru’s only impression of the “Taste of this Parallel World” was the taste of preserved rations. Which was rather miserable.

[Echidona: Sorry to bring this up while you’re eating, but there is something I want to confirm with you, Subaru-kun]

[Subaru: Hungry… starving…… What, me? Something you wanted to ask me?]

Roleplaying as someone who has been treated like a slave and given nothing but miserable scraps ever since he was summoned to this Parallel World, Subaru protested against the injustice. But he stopped eating when he heard Echidona’s words.

[Echidona: It’s nothing, but while I apologize for bringing this up this when everyone is united against our situation, I would like Subaru-kun to share a bit more with us about what happened to him. After all, your memories were the only ones that has been affected by this tower. Conversely, who knows if the same thing might happen to any of our memories as well?]

[Subaru: Right, makes sense. Even though having the person involved do it might be a bit difficult… amnesia can be pretty inconvenient, you know]

[Beatrice: The way you said it make me wonder if you really see yourself as being involved, I suppose……]

Seeing Subaru nod in agreement, Beatrice could only manage a baffled expression.
But, Echidona’s concerns were reasonable. And the truth is, Subaru also needed to know how he lost his memories. The clues to restoring his memories must be tied to how he lost them in the first place.

[――――]

At the table, to Subaru’s right was Beatrice, and to his left was Emilia. Those two were at his side when he woke――he wanted to know just what kind of memories could have prompted them to sit there of their own accord, and to place in him such baseless trust and warmth.
――Or rather, it was that he needed to remember, because it was his duty.

[Subaru: But still… I woke up without remembering anything, so I don’t really know what happened. ……Emilia-chan and everyone, where exactly did you guys find me?]

※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※

[Emilia: Well…, You were nowhere to be seen in the Dragon Carriage this morning, and we couldn’t find you either in any of the rooms on the fourth floor, so we got pretty worried…]

Subaru’s curiosity was piqued by the word dragon carriage, but he did not open his mouth in fear of interrupting Emilia’s story. Perhaps, the lizard who stood in the Green Room was related to Earth Dragons in some way. They did look like the type you’d see from a horse-drawn cart. He’d have to put off his curiousity in wanting to see the real thing though.

[Beatrice: Betty was not at her wit’s end as much as Emilia was, in fact. I was just bothered that I couldn’t figure out where you, my contractor, was within this strange tower, I suppose. That’s why I went with her to search around the tower for you, and after that…]

[Subaru: …And  after that?]

[Emilia: We found you collapsed in the white library on the third floor, and then brought you to the Green Room.]

Subaru breathed out a “Ahh” after hearing Emilia and Beatrice’s joint explanation.

[Julius: The third floor is one of the floors within this tower. We’re on the fourth floor right now. We’re going through them trying to reach the first floor, which is the topmost floor. It was thanks to none other than… your knowledge that we already made it through past the third floor.]

[Subaru: Thanks for explaining… Did you say thanks to my knowledge?]

Julius filled in for the missing details. Even so, for Subaru, the contents seemed to be quite lacking in credibility. Nevertheless, Emilia continued where he’d left off with an “Yeah”

[Emilia: That’s really how it happened. All we heard was gibberish, but you were able to solve it all by yourself Subaru… you were reaaaalllly amazing.]

[Subaru: Hahaha, thank you… Hey, no one says “gibberish” these days anymore.] 

[Emilia: ……]

[Subaru: Did I say something weird?]

Though Subaru had tried to awkwardly compliment Emilia, she remained silent as if something was up with her. For a split second, he could see the traces of some strong emotion flicker across her eyes, yet he had no idea what it meant. 

At any rate, he couldn’t keep up with them, as if they were ripples rippling through a pond.  

[Subaru: By the way, you said that I collapsed and that you brought me to that grassy room…]

[Beatrice: That room is protected by a special spirit. That spirit has the power to heal people’s wounds… That is why we’ve laid Rem down there too, in fact.]

[Subaru: Okay, okay, gotcha. So, that’s why you also brought me there… By the way, what are the chances that I lost my memories due to that room?]

[Emilia: Well, umm…]

Subaru batted one of his eyes shut as Emilia faltered in response, looking like she hadn’t thought about that. 

Though this was only a hunch of his, regarding the intentions of this Spirit or whatever, while those may be unknown, if it took the form of a plant, then he couldn’t discount it having some kind of cruel nature. 

Flowers are pretty and filled with sweet nectar to get insects to carry their pollen. But they can also be like carnivorous plants who camouflage themselves to snare in insects to slurp the life out of them.

It could have slurped his memories out of him instead of healing him… There was a chance of that. 

[Echidna: It’s quite a wild idea, but I heavily doubt that. In that case, something weird would have happened to me first far quicker, considering I’ve been in that room far longer than you have.]

[Subaru: …That something strange hasn’t got anything to do with the original body’s owner not waking up?]

[Echidna: Regarding Ana, that happened before we came to the tower. Her condition has nothing to do with the Green Room. And also, that’s right… the Earth Dragon who was in the room hasn’t forgotten about you, right?]

[Subaru: Huh?]

[Echidna: That Earth Dragon is awfully attached to you. Suppose, for argument’s sake, that the Spirit in the room had a bad habit of slurping out people’s memories, don’t you think she would have probably given you the cold shoulder?]

Subaru recalled the Earth Dragon that had nestled up to him just after he’d woke up.

For sure that Earth Dragon had been extremely friendly towards him. If the reason behind that was because she’d originally been his Earth Dragon, then that made complete sense. Though, what she’d said also surprised him.  

[Subaru: That Earth Dragon is a she..?]

[Echidna: Let’s get back on topic. The chances of that room working such wickedness on you are not high at all. As far as I am concerned, it’s the room you collapsed in that’s far more of a problem. Y’all said he came to in the Taygeta Library on the Third Floor, right?]

[Emilia: Yeah, that’s right. Subaru collapsed on the white floor in that room…]

Emilia gripped her wrist tightly as she reflected back on that moment.

[Emilia: I carried you to that room all in a rush, and then tried to go call everyone, but…]

[Beatrice: Subaru woke up during that time and found himself in this condition, in fact. Therefore, it would be difficult to imagine that the Green Room did this, even time-wise, I suppose… It happened in that library, as I thought]

If something had happened, then this library or whatever was the source behind it. 

It seemed like they’d reached a common point of view, but Subaru didn’t really get it. Perhaps because it was hard for him to imagine what kind of room this room they called a library really was. 

[Subaru: Erm, Taygeta? What kind of room is this Taygeta library? The name sounds somewhat familiar…]

[Julius: That library is a room containing the『The Books of the Dead』]

[Subaru:『The Books of the Dead』…Hey, that also sounds like some chuuni schtick]

Putting aside his interest for the name Taygeta, Subaru sunk his teeth into how he’d used the term『Books of the Dead.』 Seeing his reaction, Julius gave a curt nod and then continued to speak, saying: “We have no concrete confirmation…”

[Julius: But in this library, there are a myriad of books bearing the names of people who are now deceased from all around the world. To read the books, you have to be qualified to do so. It’s most likely the kind of thing where you can only read the books about the deceased you had some connection with.]

[Subaru: Again with the bad taste… What is written in those books?]

[Julius: The life of the respective deceased, more or less. Intense thoughts swoop through your mind, as if they’re being scorched in. It’s really not a matter you want to put yourself through over and over deliberately.]

There was a weight to Julius’ words in his explanation, which could only have been expressed by one who had personally experienced this sensation. It seemed to Subaru that frankthe memories of the dead were not something he wanted to have scorched into his mind. To say it frankly, experiencing this sort of shock was not something he was keen to do. Then, if he had collapsed in a library where such experiences were possible…

[Subaru: Was I reading one of those books too when I collapsed? No way, so could something like that have damaged my mind?]

[Echidna: I can’t completely rule out the possibility. About that,『Sage』, what do you think?]

[Shaula: …Are you perhaps talking to meee?]

While nodding at Subaru’s guess, Echidna turned to face Shaula with a meaningful look in her eyes. As well as that meaningful look, Sage was a really disproportionate way of referring to her. 

Were he to speak without restraint, Shaula looked like the furthest thing from a『Sage』in this room.

[Shaula: No matter how many times you say that my answer’s not changin’! I don’t know anythin’ about the tower, except its ruuuuules! I was just told to be strict with rulebreakers. No matter what Master does in the tower, I ain’t got nothin’ to do with it!]

[Subaru: I don’t know why Shaula’s calling me something like Master in the first place, but…]

[Ram: Don’t worry. Your answer to that Barsu was the same as before you lost your memories. You’re just using this without saying anything because it’s convenient for you… So gross]

[Subaru: You can’t just jump to such a convenient conclusion!]

Faced with Shaula’s gaze, Subaru couldn’t help but express his bewilderment, which with no word of exaggeration showed a level of affection that was maxed out.

Sure, it might be nice to get close with such a glamorous beauty when he thought about it ordinarily, but not knowing where her favour was coming from only created more confusion in him. 

Besides, her affection and favour made him feel strangely uneasy. It was something fundamentally different to the sincere feelings Emilia and Beatrice showed him. 

Though he didn’t know currently whether this was a harmful effect of his memories being gone.

[Subaru: In any case, that library you mentioned feels suspicious. If you’re saying there might be clues in there that will get my memories back, then I reckon it’s worthwhile going there to check.]

[Julius: Yes, we should. Our situation is one that even in the best of times we’ve had one problem after the other. The problems that plague us have seldom been few.  Besides, with the circumstances becoming like this, you must honestly realise…]

[Subaru: Realise what?]

[Julius: …Just how much you’ve been making up for us] 

With his eye still closed, Subaru let out a small snort at Julius’ words. His laugh hadn’t been out of awkwardness, but a strained one that came from deep within how he felt. They were really overestimating him. The armageddon must be coming for them to be relying so much on Natsuki Subaru.

Bad things came in threes, once again Subaru had been made aware of how much of a hindrance he was, a trait he’d averted his eyes to; it was as if he were saying, “You’ve become a considerable burden”

[Subaru: Anyways, I’d like to go to the library after we finish eating and if the memories that I lost are scattered about there, then I’d like to go pick them up and stuff them back in my mind.]

[Emilia: Jeez, that’s an odd way of putting it… It’s really just like you]

[Subaru: I’m guessing the way you’re saying “It’s just like me” isn’t really a compliment, right!?]

Emilia gave the flustered Subaru a small smile as she said that. The atmosphere around the place relaxed just a tad as he received it. 

They’d come up with a plan and it felt like they were, in true sense, moving forward a bit.

[Echidna: I am sorry to interrupt you when the mood’s like this, but there’s just one more thing I want to ask you Natsuki-kun.]

[Subaru: Well, you can go on ahead now that you’ve said this much. What is it?]

[Echidna: Well, this is just a curiousity of mine which isn’t at all related to your memories, or capturing the tower, but despite that… ]

Echidna began to stroke her wavy hair, and with an adorable look on her face, compounded by a look of deep intelligence in her turquoise eyes, she asked:

[Echidna: What does that term you speak quite often of, “Parallel World”, mean?]




Chapter 36
Part 1 & 2
Parts 1 and 2 of this chapter are translated into English, but not translated by WitchCultTranslations or one of our affiliates. Check the table of contents for the chapter link.
Part 3
[Emilia: Well…, You were nowhere to be seen in the Dragon Carriage this morning, and we couldn’t find you either in any of the rooms on the fourth floor, so we got pretty worried…]
Subaru’s curiosity was piqued by the word dragon carriage, but he did not open his mouth in fear of interrupting Emilia’s story. Perhaps, the lizard who stood in the Green Room was related to Earth Dragons in some way. They did look like the type you’d see from a horse-drawn cart. He’d have to put off his curiousity in wanting to see the real thing though.
[Beatrice: Betty was not at her wit’s end as much as Emilia was, in fact. I was just bothered that I couldn’t figure out where you, my contractor, was within this strange tower, I suppose. That’s why I went with her to search around the tower for you, and after that…]
[Subaru: …And  after that?]
[Emilia: We found you collapsed in the white library on the third floor, and then brought you to the Green Room.]
Subaru breathed out a “Ahh” after hearing Emilia and Beatrice’s joint explanation.
[Julius: The third floor is one of the floors within this tower. We’re on the fourth floor right now. We’re going through them trying to reach the first floor, which is the topmost floor. It was thanks to none other than… your knowledge that we already made it through past the third floor.]
[Subaru: Thanks for explaining… Did you say thanks to my knowledge?]
Julius filled in for the missing details. Even so, for Subaru, the contents seemed to be quite lacking in credibility. Nevertheless, Emilia continued where he’d left off with an “Yeah”
[Emilia: That’s really how it happened. All we heard was gibberish, but you were able to solve it all by yourself Subaru… you were reaaaalllly amazing.]
[Subaru: Hahaha, thank you… Hey, no one says “gibberish” these days anymore.] 
[Emilia: ……]
[Subaru: Did I say something weird?]
Though Subaru had tried to awkwardly compliment Emilia, she remained silent as if something was up with her. For a split second, he could see the traces of some strong emotion flicker across her eyes, yet he had no idea what it meant. 
At any rate, he couldn’t keep up with them, as if they were ripples rippling through a pond.  
[Subaru: By the way, you said that I collapsed and that you brought me to that grassy room…]
[Beatrice: That room is protected by a special spirit. That spirit has the power to heal people’s wounds… That is why we’ve laid Rem down there too, in fact.]
[Subaru: Okay, okay, gotcha. So, that’s why you also brought me there… By the way, what are the chances that I lost my memories due to that room?]
[Emilia: Well, umm…]
Subaru batted one of his eyes shut as Emilia faltered in response, looking like she hadn’t thought about that. 
Though this was only a hunch of his, regarding the intentions of this Spirit or whatever, while those may be unknown, if it took the form of a plant, then he couldn’t discount it having some kind of cruel nature. 
Flowers are pretty and filled with sweet nectar to get insects to carry their pollen. But they can also be like carnivorous plants who camouflage themselves to snare in insects to slurp the life out of them.
It could have slurped his memories out of him instead of healing him… There was a chance of that. 
[Echidna: It’s quite a wild idea, but I heavily doubt that. In that case, something weird would have happened to me first far quicker, considering I’ve been in that room far longer than you have.]
[Subaru: …That something strange hasn’t got anything to do with the original body’s owner not waking up?]
[Echidna: Regarding Ana, that happened before we came to the tower. Her condition has nothing to do with the Green Room. And also, that’s right… the Earth Dragon who was in the room hasn’t forgotten about you, right?]
[Subaru: Huh?]
[Echidna: That Earth Dragon is awfully attached to you. Suppose, for argument’s sake, that the Spirit in the room had a bad habit of slurping out people’s memories, don’t you think she would have probably given you the cold shoulder?]
Subaru recalled the Earth Dragon that had nestled up to him just after he’d woke up.
For sure that Earth Dragon had been extremely friendly towards him. If the reason behind that was because she’d originally been his Earth Dragon, then that made complete sense. Though, what she’d said also surprised him.  
[Subaru: That Earth Dragon is a she..?]
[Echidna: Let’s get back on topic. The chances of that room working such wickedness on you are not high at all. As far as I am concerned, it’s the room you collapsed in that’s far more of a problem. Y’all said he came to in the Taygeta Library on the Third Floor, right?]
[Emilia: Yeah, that’s right. Subaru collapsed on the white floor in that room…]
Emilia gripped her wrist tightly as she reflected back on that moment.
[Emilia: I carried you to that room all in a rush, and then tried to go call everyone, but…]
[Beatrice: Subaru woke up during that time and found himself in this condition, in fact. Therefore, it would be difficult to imagine that the Green Room did this, even time-wise, I suppose… It happened in that library, as I thought]
If something had happened, then this library or whatever was the source behind it. 
It seemed like they’d reached a common point of view, but Subaru didn’t really get it. Perhaps because it was hard for him to imagine what kind of room this room they called a library really was. 
[Subaru: Erm, Taygeta? What kind of room is this Taygeta library? The name sounds somewhat familiar…]
[Julius: That library is a room containing the『The Books of the Dead』]
[Subaru:『The Books of the Dead』…Hey, that also sounds like some chuuni schtick]
Putting aside his interest for the name Taygeta, Subaru sunk his teeth into how he’d used the term『Books of the Dead.』 Seeing his reaction, Julius gave a curt nod and then continued to speak, saying: “We have no concrete confirmation…”
[Julius: But in this library, there are a myriad of books bearing the names of people who are now deceased from all around the world. To read the books, you have to be qualified to do so. It’s most likely the kind of thing where you can only read the books about the deceased you had some connection with.]
[Subaru: Again with the bad taste… What is written in those books?]
[Julius: The life of the respective deceased, more or less. Intense thoughts swoop through your mind, as if they’re being scorched in. It’s really not a matter you want to put yourself through over and over deliberately.]
There was a weight to Julius’ words in his explanation, which could only have been expressed by one who had personally experienced this sensation. It seemed to Subaru that frankthe memories of the dead were not something he wanted to have scorched into his mind. To say it frankly, experiencing this sort of shock was not something he was keen to do. Then, if he had collapsed in a library where such experiences were possible…
[Subaru: Was I reading one of those books too when I collapsed? No way, so could something like that have damaged my mind?]
[Echidna: I can’t completely rule out the possibility. About that,『Sage』, what do you think?]
[Shaula: …Are you perhaps talking to meee?]
While nodding at Subaru’s guess, Echidna turned to face Shaula with a meaningful look in her eyes. As well as that meaningful look, Sage was a really disproportionate way of referring to her. 
Were he to speak without restraint, Shaula looked like the furthest thing from a『Sage』in this room.
[Shaula: No matter how many times you say that my answer’s not changin’! I don’t know anythin’ about the tower, except its ruuuuules! I was just told to be strict with rulebreakers. No matter what Master does in the tower, I ain’t got nothin’ to do with it!]
[Subaru: I don’t know why Shaula’s calling me something like Master in the first place, but…]
[Ram: Don’t worry. Your answer to that Barsu was the same as before you lost your memories. You’re just using this without saying anything because it’s convenient for you… So gross]
[Subaru: You can’t just jump to such a convenient conclusion!]
Faced with Shaula’s gaze, Subaru couldn’t help but express his bewilderment, which with no word of exaggeration showed a level of affection that was maxed out.
Sure, it might be nice to get close with such a glamorous beauty when he thought about it ordinarily, but not knowing where her favour was coming from only created more confusion in him. 
Besides, her affection and favour made him feel strangely uneasy. It was something fundamentally different to the sincere feelings Emilia and Beatrice showed him. 
Though he didn’t know currently whether this was a harmful effect of his memories being gone.
[Subaru: In any case, that library you mentioned feels suspicious. If you’re saying there might be clues in there that will get my memories back, then I reckon it’s worthwhile going there to check.]
[Julius: Yes, we should. Our situation is one that even in the best of times we’ve had one problem after the other. The problems that plague us have seldom been few.  Besides, with the circumstances becoming like this, you must honestly realise…]
[Subaru: Realise what?]
[Julius: …Just how much you’ve been making up for us] 
With his eye still closed, Subaru let out a small snort at Julius’ words. His laugh hadn’t been out of awkwardness, but a strained one that came from deep within how he felt. They were really overestimating him. The armageddon must be coming for them to be relying so much on Natsuki Subaru.
Bad things came in threes, once again Subaru had been made aware of how much of a hindrance he was, a trait he’d averted his eyes to; it was as if he were saying, “You’ve become a considerable burden”
[Subaru: Anyways, I’d like to go to the library after we finish eating and if the memories that I lost are scattered about there, then I’d like to go pick them up and stuff them back in my mind.]
[Emilia: Jeez, that’s an odd way of putting it… It’s really just like you]
[Subaru: I’m guessing the way you’re saying “It’s just like me” isn’t really a compliment, right!?]
Emilia gave the flustered Subaru a small smile as she said that. The atmosphere around the place relaxed just a tad as he received it. 
They’d come up with a plan and it felt like they were, in true sense, moving forward a bit.
[Echidna: I am sorry to interrupt you when the mood’s like this, but there’s just one more thing I want to ask you Natsuki-kun.]
[Subaru: Well, you can go on ahead now that you’ve said this much. What is it?]
[Echidna: Well, this is just a curiousity of mine which isn’t at all related to your memories, or capturing the tower, but despite that… ]
Echidna began to stroke her wavy hair, and with an adorable look on her face, compounded by a look of deep intelligence in her turquoise eyes, she asked:
[Echidna: What does that term you speak quite often of, “Parallel World”, mean?]


Chapter 37
… What do you mean when you say ‘Parallel World’.
[Subaru: ……………]
Subaru felt as if his breath had been knocked out of him as he heard Echidna’s question, sinking into silence as a result.
During that time, everyone’s gazes turned towards him. Although the emotions varied across everyone’s faces, many of them showed tangible signs of doubt.
Everyone was treating the term “Parallel World” as something of an unknown.
In other words, that meant the Natsuki Subaru before losing his memories had never bothered to explain it to them.
[Emilia: Parallel World… Come to think of it, you used to say that before from time to time, didn’t you Subaru?]
[Ram: It does ring a bell. Though from the way he acts like on a daily basis, I’d not paid any attention to that kind of nonsense]
[Subaru: Putting Emilia-chan aside, it’s incredible how indifferent Ram acts towards me…]
She came as a stark contrast to Emilia, who was adorably immersed deep in thought, a finger of her brushed against her lip.
Ram had coldly snorted out a Ha in response to Subaru’s wry-faced remark. However, their initial surprise had been softened thanks to having left this one cushion behind.
The previous Subaru had never bothered to speak up about the “Parallel World”, not to Emilia or Ram, nor even to any of the others whom he’d supposedly adventured together with. He didn’t know for sure what that meant, but…
[Subaru: Were there some kind of restrictions to it? When I was thrown into to this world, was I sworn by a God or Goddess into not speaking about it, or the like… And first things first, what kind of mission am I here for?]
He cocked his head, however, not even the “M” of the mission he’d been entrusted with came to his mind.
Presumably, Subaru was summoned into this parallel world by someone working behind the scenes that had some expectation of him.
By Subaru’s reckoning currently, the likelihood of this someone being sort of like a “God” was very high.
This “God” or whatever that he didn’t remember had given him some kind of role and sent him to this parallel world. –Thinking about it, this was the sort of promise you’d find with these Parallel World thingamajigs.
So, if losing his memories was something that this “God” found inconvenient, he could hopefully expect some follow-up to improve his situation. Subaru wants to believe this “God” is not the cruel sort who would just throw him into this fantasy world without giving him some generous benefits.
Or perhaps…
[Subaru: …I’d better find out if it’s actually something I can’t touch on, huh]
[Beatrice: Subaru?]
Subaru licked his parched lips and searched for a response for this situation. He winked at Beatrice, who was looking at him with unease, having caught ear of his muttering. He decided that he would address the question that had been posed to him – about this “Parallel World”.
Even if by some chance speaking about it was forbidden by this “God” being, it was difficult to imagine there’d be some sort of drastic penalty that he couldn’t recover from where he touch on this taboo.
Surely, as soon as he would have spoke of the taboo, there wouldn’t be anything drastic that would happen, such as being assailed by unbearable pain.
With a little bit of anxiety, Subaru gently got his breathing under control.
And…
[Subaru: Well about this “Parallel World” I spoke of, the word itself is written as from like “Different” and “World”… In other words, I mean that the place we’re in right now is in a separate world]
[Emilia: In a separate world, a “Parallel World”…]
[Subaru: Uh-huh. That’s why I say “Parallel world”, yet…]
Following Subaru’s explanation, Emilia mulled over what he’d said, rolling the words out on her tongue. She was not the only one who had reacted like this – the others in the room were also pondering over that word.
As it was from the pronunciation: “Isekai”, they’d received the word itself as something of an unknown.
Though he’d presumed that from how low their comprehension of the word “Parallel World” was, apparently, it seemed like the idea of a different world wasn’t a common one in this world.
Coincident with that, Subaru slapped his body to check for any changes.
[Subaru: … Nothing seems to have happened to me.]
Putting it into words, Subaru ensured that nothing untoward had happened to him.
As far as he could tell right now, there were no signs of any abnormalities having occurred. There was neither pain nor numbness. Nor was there a strange voice sadly addressing him with “You’ve violated your instructions” or the people in his surroundings transforming into a flock of cranes, saying, “I did tell you to not to do that”.
He’d managed to deal with all the worries he’d had without any issues arising.
[Subaru: This isn’t what I expected…]
Certainly, he’d thought that he hadn’t talked about the Parallel World due to having some kind of reason; however, nothing really came to his mind, that’d be something that he’d get caught up in, when it came to this.
Subaru cocked his head to the side at the sensation of having parried that. Then, Julis raised his hand up and said: “Alright,”
[Julius: I now know what the word “Parallel World” means. I can take it as a term you yourself have coined, but there is a part of me that’s thinking about its implication. Why do you reference that Parallel World so often?]
[Subaru: Oh? Oh, oh, that’s right! Just explaining the meaning of the word “Parallel World” isn’t much of an explanation. Then um, in other words…]
[Julius: In other words?]
Following Julius’ questioning, Subaru realised he had cut his explanation short. And, clearing his throat he went on to say,
[Subaru: I come from this “Parallel World” thing. I wasn’t born and raised in this world, I’m some alien who got mixed up into this world halfway through. –That’s why for me this place is a “Parallel World.]
Indeed now he had clearly explained his position and circumstances.

※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
I am someone who came to this world from a parallel world. Nice to meet you.
Roughly speaking, this is what Subaru had told them.
It was easy to imagine Emilia and the others to have been shaken by that bold confession. After all, it must have been a bombshell to them, since they didn’t know Parallel Worlds existed.
It really was no surprise that all the common sense they had up till now had been thrown out of wack, along with the shock they felt along with it, like their world had been turned upside-down.
After finishing his confession, Subaru took note of their concerns, and cursed his own heedlessness.
If he had made Emilia and Beatrice feel as if they’d been engulfed by a maelstrom of confusion – if he had made them do something like grieve, then he was responsible for having brought that about.
How would he comfort such beautiful girls if they were to break down into tears? He had no experience with this.
So, with a few seconds passing, feeling these anxieties, he glanced his eyes towards them.
Subaru had imagined that he would find them looking pale, blood drained from their visage, with confusion etched on their faces. However…,
[Emilia: … Uh, so you mean you’re from beyond the Great Cascade?]
[Subaru: Eh? The Great Cascade?]
Subaru’s eyes widened at Emilia, who had timidly asked this question whilst frowning in though.
They were words he hadn’t come across before – “Cascade”, he thought must have been a waterfall or something, but this great cascade must be a big version of one. Perhaps he could think of it as a huge waterfall.
…Actually, no, what sort of connection did this big waterfall have with the parallel world in the first place.
[Subaru: No, definitely not. Nothing to do with waterfalls. I’m talking about a world that’s completely different from this place and what your common knowledge is and stuff…]
[Ram: So, then you’re from beyond the Great Waterfall. How do they call it in your hometown, Barusu… Actually, no, I guess it’s probably the other way around given that it’s your hometown. The countries here surrounded by the Great Waterfall would be a “Parallel World”. Your wild behaviour makes sense to me now as well]
[Echidna: That’s right. That must be the reason why I couldn’t find anything no matter how much I investigated Natsuki-kun’s origins – because he is from beyond the Great Cascade.]
[Subaru: Well, hey, hey, how are you all so quickly convinced with that!?]
It wasn’t just Emilia who had agreed with this conclusion – even Ram and Echidna, who both appeared to be quite intelligent, had agreed with it.
For Subaru, their levels of belief towards this mysterious waterfall were nigh incomprehensible.
The thought that there was a parallel world beyond a great cascade – on the other side of a waterfall – where the heck was this tunneled wonderland?
[Beatrice: You may have no idea about it considering you’ve forgotten so much, in fact. But regarding the Great Cascade… It’s at the far reaches of the world, and there are a few stories left behind from people coming from beyond it, I suppose.]
[Subaru: I do quite like the sound of that… at the far reaches of the world.]
[Beatrice: The Great Waterfall is said to be impossible to cross over, with the exception of dragons.  It’s the border between here and there. There’s no one who knows what is on the other side of it….So, on the rare occasion that someone crosses over from that world, no one holds any basis to deny the words they spoke as lies or falsehoods, I suppose.]
Beatrice explained it for him, on the basis of the assent of the people listening in, who were showing their acceptance for it.
The contents were iffy, there were some things that were difficult to imagine for Subaru with him not being an expert in the circumstances of this world. However, thinking about the term “Great Cascade” and its present explanation now–
[Subaru: So this place feels like a floating continent, something like you can’t cross over to another continent without a dragon?]
[Ram: Haa]
[Subaru: Quit with those horribly disgruntled sighs there. You’re gonna hurt my feelings.]
Ram looked at Subaru, who’d been trying to justify it best as he could, with a sense of staggering disappointment.
However, the others also seemed to be regarding Subaru’s talk the same way, pretty much. In the end, his floating continent theory was likely incorrect.
[Subaru: If I’m off-base, then I’m off-base, I get it.… But I was sorta hoping to have a great Eureka moment riding on dragonback, if say my theory now had been correct.]
[Meili: If you keep talking about it like that, Onii-san’s adorable Earth Dragon is gonna start sulking, isn’t sh~e]
[Subaru: Ah, yeah. That black Earth Dragon is mine right. Let me have a ride on her later.]
[Shaula: I’m gonna be as weeell! I’m gonna be sulking too! Master, I think you should take better care of meeee, and appreciate me better and loooove me more~. Now that you have lost your memories, let our relationship restaaaart! From zerooooo!]
[Subaru: You’re noisy, and damn clingy! Also, don’t be so quick to poke fun at me losing my memories like you’re talking about someone else!]
Shaula noisily joined in the conversation, with Meili sitting clutching her own knees.
Though Shaula had intruded rather brusquely and said that, that was something which Subaru now was actually really grateful for—— of course, fretting too much about it was tough.
[————]
From there, Subaru shifts his attention with a glance towards his surroundings.
In his original world, though depending on the situation, Subaru had a reputation for not being able to read the mood from the people in his surroundings. However, no matter how unsuited he was at it, if the emotions were strong enough, then they could be easily read or seen.
Not just Emilia and Beatrice, but also Ram, Julius, Anastasia (i.e. Echidna) – their expressions were all showing worry towards Subaru.
For better or for worse, before losing his memories, Subaru would have been doing pretty well with the ladies. How enviable. How he would like to be told what kind of magic he’d used.
Even if they did, he didn’t at all believe he could put it into practise now.
[Subaru: Anyways, to sum up everything that’s been said…, at the edge of this world there’s a waterfall called the “Great Cascade” and occasionally people come from beyond it. And so you’re saying I’m one of them as well.]
[Emilia: From what I’ve heard from you, I can only assume that’s the case… No?]
[Subaru: Hmmm…]
Subaru exchanged looks with the wondering Emilia, his arms were crossed by his side as he painstakingly hmmed.
To be precise, it was not Subaru’s intended course of action to run counter to the general understanding which everyone had of the world. Nonetheless, even if Subaru thought that the ‘Parallel World’ and the ‘Great Cascade” were unrelated, he knew that he wouldn’t make any progress in this situation if he continued to talk about it.
[Subaru: To make a long story short, it is.]
Within this world there was no concept of “Parallel Worlds”.
He didn’t know whether this “Beyond the Great Cascade”, as Emilia and the others recognised it, suggested the existence of another world, or the world Subaru was in. In actuality, there may be other continent-like stuff across from the waterfall, and from there, there may be records left behind, of a figure like Columbus who made it there, taking him as a “weirdo”.
If so, he could safely say that a correct understanding of “Parallel World” for them was already a lost cause.
[Subaru: By the way, did I never mention anything about the Parallel World, back when I had my memories?]
[Emilia: Thinking back to then, once in a while you’d make some mention the word “Parallel world”… but this is the first time we have really talked properly about it.]
[Beatrice: Betty agrees with Emilia, in fact.]
The others affirmed the answer to his question with gestures whereas Emilia and Beatrice with words.
The prior Subaru hadn’t spoken to them about the “Parellel World”. Perhaps, he’d deemed that they wouldn’t make heads or tails out of it, if he’d spoken about it like he had now.
Or…,
[Subaru: … I guess because I had been stopping myself from talking about it, huh]
[Julius: Subaru?]
[Subaru: Huh. Uh, no, nothing. Hey, if I’m not the only so-called Parallel Worlder there’s been then do you know anyone else? A person from the other side of the Great Cascade, or castaway – whichever.]
Perhaps there were a lot of people drifting in from different worlds; maybe there was a community of sorts where such people gathered. However, Subaru’s hopes were denied by a shake of the head from Julius.
[Julius: Sorry, the existence of a castaway, as you call it, is very rare. Most people who claim they are from beyond the Great Cascade are lying. What they say are generally pipe dreams or fabrications, some of them set their sights on trying to extort people out of money whereas others are simply trying to influence people of their fanciful beliefs.]
[Subaru: Oh, well, yeah I can see that happening…]
As much as you would like to believe such stories, the majority were the works of fiction or embellished rumours, given that there was no way to make sure. Once ones imagination/creation was set loose with these dreamy stories or ennui tales, they became a breeding grounds of reverie.
Even if people, like Subaru, who were genuinely from another world existed, their existence would be buried under countless falsehoods.
[Echidna: Honestly, my interest in the Great Cascade is never-ending, but it seems it really has no relevance to our current situation. It would be a good idea to simply end this with establishing that Natsuki-kun’s unknown home-town, and the knowledge he has, have been settled.]
Echidna had broken what had been an awkward silence that had been forming. Originally she had been the one asking Subaru about it. Although there were still parts unfamiliar to her and she was most likely unsatisfied, Subaru welcomed her ending the conversation there.
Besides, the more he talked about his original world, the more he would have to face the problems that he had left behind. That made his heart heavy, and ache.
By concentrating on the situation in front of him, he could try and distract himself from these feelings.
[Subaru: That’s it about me. I understand that you all care about me, and love me, but I feel like we aren’t going to make any progress talking about this leisurely. Why, first things first…]
He didn’t know what had directly caused his memory loss.
But, the place where the Subaru with his memories intact had supposedly last ventured – he wanted to check what had happened there.
[Beatrice: You will want to check the『Taygeta』library, I suppose.]
Subaru nodded at Beatrice who had beaten him to voicing out his thoughts out loud.

※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
So, with all that said and done, the group headed out towards the『Taygeta』library.
Subaru was feeling quite nervous about what would be awaiting him there; the way there wasn’t free of its troubles though.
That was because,
[Subaru: Um, Emilia-chan, why are you holding my hand so tightly?]
[Emilia: Eh? Well, it’s because I’m worried about leaving you by yourself, Subaru. I need to keep you in arm’s reach… So, I came to conclusion, given that, that it’d be good to hold hands from the get-go.]
[Subaru: I mean, I like the simple, quick nature of that conclusion, but like this, it’s way more embarrassing!]
Subaru lifted up his hand that was being held by Emilia, aware that his cheeks were getting flushed.
Her slender, cute fingers were gently holding his hand and he worried about whether his palms were sweating. In reply to Subaru’s words, Emilia raised her eyebrows in a huff and said “Jeez,”
[Emilia: Don’t be like that. Beatrice is also holding your hand, so it’s not just us two together!]
[Subaru: There’s a difference between holding the hands of a child, compared to one of a beautiful woman! There’s a big difference between them, like that when cold rain is falling again on this day too, or the difference between the heavens and earth, or night and day!]
[Emilia: I’m sorry, I don’t really get what you’re saying.]
Emilia spared Subaru no quarters, what with him having a record for losing his memories as a result of being left to his own devices, even with all the excuses he was spouting out. God damned you, memories. And me for having lost them. 
[Beatrice: Now, that statement is unpardonable. But, it’s as Emilia says. Subaru ought to follow along obediently and be well cared for by Betty and Emilia, I suppose.]
[Subaru: Oh yeah? This is where we put Beatrice in the middle, and I and Emilia hold hands with you from both sides, young couple style! I’d be down for that, but wouldn’t that not be uncool?]
[Beatrice: Subaru isn’t Subaru unless he’s uncool, in fact]
[Subaru: What kind of assessment is that!?]
He ended up taking that scathing evaluation right to him from Beatrice as well, who was holding his other hand.
Julius, who was leading the way ahead, looked back towards Subaru a few times, and Echidna, who had been following right behind him would explain to them, one by one, what lay around each corner.
Ram was sharp-tongued whenever she spoke out; however, Subaru was the only one who knew that despite her outward appearance she was suffering inside. He wondered if he should talk to someone about her, but he doesn’t know who he could possibly talk to regarding what she was experiencing.
In a way, it was only Shaula and Meili, who were chatting together with each other at the back of the group, who were mentally soothing for Subaru right now.
[Subaru: Well, they’re not really going to be useful for anything…]
[Meili: … Somehow I don’t think you are being polite right now, Onii-san.]
[Shaula: Master’s mind is always like that. It would be a waste to dwell on it. You’d be shocked if you all peeked inside, it’s all pink anywaaays, makes me want to pull away. Pink braaain, Shaaaameless School~]
[Subaru: Doubt we’d find either shame or schooling in you…]
[Shaula: Master’s doooing – my entire knowledge – Master’s doooing~]
Mere conversation with her made his head ache.
Whilst they had been exchanging these bouts of conversation, the party had gone up the stairs and arrived at the 『Taygeta』 library on the third floor. It was quite expansive, almost as if it transcended time and space.
[Subaru: So this place is『Taygeta』… There are quite a lot of books in here, just as I’d heard.]
Subaru breathed in awe as he looked around the『Taygeta』 library, marveling at the sheer number of books there.
Indeed this was a sight that was beyond anyone’s imagination.
Subaru was quite the avid reader (reading Light Novels, Manga, Strategy Guides, etc.), but he had never been surrounded by so many books. Naturally, compared to the National Diet Library or something, those would probably win out, however, they would only gain that due to the difference in space there was.
Either way, the meaning behind the picturesque scenery in front of him wasn’t just down to the sheer amount of stuff there…
[Subaru: If『The Books of the Dead』are here… then wouldn’t that mean that there are as many books here as people who have died? If it has been recording nonstop since the time of the Homo Sapiens, then there literally must be an overwhelming amount of records here.]
Subaru didn’t know the scale of this world, but if the records of the dead were books, then the quantity of books would be immeasurable. Even if he tried to find a book, such as one with the name of a deceased person he knew, he would not be able to physically find it.
[Subaru: In a modern day library, a lookup function is indispensable… but here?]
[Beatrice: Um, I don’t know what you mean by lookup function or whatever, I suppose. However, there is no one else more similar to a librarian here than Betty. Got no choice but to start checking, I suppose.]
[Subaru: This is like looking for a 100 Yen coin in the middle of a desert…]
Warily, Subaru placed his hand on the spine of a book.
Pulling the tome from the bookshelf, it easily fit into his hand, and he didn’t feel like it was anything special when he looked at it. It was just a plain old book. There was no design to it on the cover, other than its title. In all, it could be mundanely described as being a very plain book. When it came to the issues he had with it…
[Subaru: Damn it! I can’t read the title.]
The title was written in illegible squiggly characters.
From what he had heard from Emilia and the others the title of the book was meant to be the name of someone who had died. If the dead was someone you shared some connection with, then apparently you could read over their memories in life; However, Subaru could not even comprehend what the letters meant in the first place. With his memories now at jeopardy, he doubted that having such connection would even make sense.
[Subaru: Well… this may be difficult…]
[Emilia: SUBARU!]
Subaru who had been lost in thought, looked around in surprise at hearing Emilia abrupt shout. In an instant, the book he had picked up was wrenched from his grasp by Emilia. She stepped back from him, holding the book to her chest.
[Subaru: Huh…, Emilia-chan?]
[Emilia: Don’t be so careless! Subaru, do you understand? You must have lost your memories here, you get that right?]
[Subaru: No, wow, that’s overblowing it…]
Emilia said that as her complexion changed; to that Subaru gave a scratch of his cheek, accompanied by a strained smile. However, it seemed that only Subaru was taking the situation lightly.
[Beatrice: Subaru, listen to Emilia – refrain yourself from acting so impulsively, I suppose.]
[Julius: I agree. You should be careful and refrain yourself from performing such a rash action.]
[Subaru: Mh…]
Both Beatrice and Julius had beseeched caution from Subaru. His throat had seized up, unable to reply to either of them.
It wasn’t animosity that welled up in his heart, but rather shame from his awkwardness. Certainly he may have been acting a little too carelessly.
[Shaula: Pfffft! Master is getting aaangry! You look so sad! Butbut, I don’t mind even if Master’s actin’ like a pitiable naughty kid!]
[Subaru: Shut up! Don’t poke fun at people who are reflecting on themselves!]
[Echidna: Alright already. It’d be a bother to be interrupted like that again. In truth, Natsuki-kun’s actions were a little rash, but… We’ve also already established that.]
With her hand covering her mouth Shaula was laughing away at Subaru’s mistake. Echidna had forced herself between Subaru and Shaula as the former snapped at the latter.
Then, whilst gently stroking her scarf she said:
[Echidna: Natsuki-kun, you were unable to read the title of the book, is that right?]
[Subaru: …? Oh, yeah, that’s right.]
[Echidna: What you can see here is that losing your memory as he has will interfere with your cognitive abilities such as your literacy skills. That is why he was speaking of parallel worlds…]
[Beatrice: Sorry, but Subaru began to study the alphabet when he arrived at Roswaal’s mansion.]
[Echidna: ………]
Echidna, who had tried to speak confidently about it was left dumbfounded by Beatrice’s retort. Not paying any regard to Echidna’s lack of response, Beatrice crossed her small arms.
[Beatrice: Subaru could not read or write the I-Alphabet until he came to the mansion, I suppose. The elder sister of the two sisters, who served as his instructor, should know about that too, in fact.]
[Ram: Yes, it is exactly as Beatrice-sama says. From the start, Barusu couldn’t read or write, so I dedicated myself to teach him… it seems my efforts were wasted, seeing him in this current state.]
[Subaru: Sorry! I wasn’t aware there was such an episode!]
Subaru raised his voice in apology in reply to Ram’s resentful complaint. Taking a sidelong glance at the occurring exchange, Echidna cleared her throat.
[Echidna: Ahem, it seems I was way off the mark. You can forget what I said.]
[Julius: No, it’s not as off the mark as you may think. At least we have discovered that Subaru’s memories were lost after coming to Lugnica.]
[Ram: In other words, Barusu is just useless baggage that doesn’t serve any purpose in this library.]
Ram scathingly added to Julius’ confirmation – Subaru remained silent as he didn’t want to stir up any more trouble upon himself. However it was Julius who spoke with a short nod, saying “Miss Ram’s words are correct,”
[Julius: Her manner of saying it aside, that’s how it is. In any case, we can’t let Subaru relive what happened the night before. We should be the ones to look for clues in here.]
[Echidna: Yes, that would be safer.]
[Ram: I don’t have any objections. Are Emilia-sama and Beatrice-sama okay with it?]
Beatrice nodded back towards Ram, saying: “I understand, I suppose.” Emilia turned towards Subaru, looking at him with quite a serious expression in her eyes.
[Emilia: Subaru, please wait here without doing anything rash… The memories you lost, me and the others… we will find them.]
[Subaru: Oh, okay, okay, understood. It feels annoying not being able to do anything, but I believe in Emilia-chan and everyone else! I will wait here quietly.]
[Emilia: Can you really wait here quietly? You won’t wander off as you please?]
[Subaru: I don’t need reminding! I’ll be fine! I am not a 5 year old kid, I can wait here quietly – I can promise it if you want.]
[Emilia: So maybe you’re not going to be quiet after all…]
[Subaru: What do you mean!?]
Granted he had brought out that promise to make her feel peace of mind, however it had ended up in only sowing more mistrust. Looking around his surroundings he saw that, Julius and Echidna aside, Beatrice and Ram were merely shrugging their shoulders in reply as if to say That’s how it is. In any case…,
[Emilia: Subaru is going to quietly wait here at the front, okay?]
In response to Emilia’s sincere appeal, Subaru decided that he would reluctantly wait for them at the front of the Library. He sat down hugging his knees watching over the party who had begun to split into two separate groups to search the Library. In one group were Emilia, Beatrice and Ram. In the other there was Julius and Echidna. Looking on with an air of confusion, it seemed that Emilia and Echidna respectively were leading these uneven teams.
[Meili: Teaming up to search must be sorta like insurance so they don’t end up like Onii-san. After all, Onii-san’s strong point is that he attracts trouble.]
[Subaru: I may have no memories… Having no memories is an issue, so obviously I cannot even answer back to that… No, I don’t want an assassin of all people, to tell me this.]
[Meili: Because I am totally concerned about trifling matters like that…]
[Subaru: I don’t think you can call that a trifling matter!? In the first place…]
She had clicked her tongue at Subaru, interrupting his train of thought. He turned to face her. The voice had come from far away from the bookshelves, next to the wall which Subaru had been standing at. Meili was standing there with a coquettish expression on her face not at all appropriate for her age. Her braided hair was arranged so that it dangled down to her shoulders. “What?” she asked him, cocking her head to one side.
[Subaru: I thought you had joined the search… are you not going to?]
[Meili: Yeah, I won’t join it, after all, I am not really a proper companion of Onii-san and Onee-san’s friends.]
[Subaru: Not really a proper companion…]
[Meili: I told you so, didn’t I? I’m an assassin… well, as I failed my mission it’s more like former assassin. Originally, I was sent here just to help out, not bothered about anything more.]
[Subaru: In other words, I get the feeling like this was your bail condition… Whether a former one or whatever, ’tis quite the drastic decision to take to adventure along with an assassin among your compatriots.]
[Meili: – Yeah, that’s exactly right! I suppose there really is something wrong with them.]
Meili giggled and placed her hand on her mouth as she said this. Subaru snorted at her attitude and–
[Subaru: I get why Meili wouldn’t go with them; what about you?]
[Shaula: Huh, meee~? I cannot read and write anything, so I am of no use whatsoeveeerrr. I’m with Master, so the books’ contents are all gi-bbe-rish to uuuussss.]
Shaula was leaning against the wall, on the opposite side from Meili, laughing as she responded. She proceeded to move over and pulled Subaru by his left arm towards her voluptuous body.
Such a soft, warm feeling… instinctively, he untangled himself from her.
[Subaru: Uwoaa!]
[Shaula: Whaaa, Master is such a meeeeany~]
[Subaru: I’m not a meany, stop that! It’s improper for a girl to have done that… such things should be reserved only for the guy you like… No, don’t do that because even a guy you like would be turned off if you came at him like that so abruptly. You’re doing yourself absolutely no good by behaving like this.]
[Shaula: Pfffft. Talking about a girl’s sense of dignity again? Master seriously never changessss.]
Shaula pouted at Subaru as she protested against his attitude. However, hearing her words had made Subaru look down in embarrassment.
[Shaula: Master?]
[Subaru: You think I haven’t changed as well?]
Subaru blurted this out to Shaula almost instinctively. He had heard this phrase several times over the course of the few hours he had been awake. It had seemed like a salvation to him to hear this… but also at the same time, a curse.
――He could be pleased that he had not changed, or he could lament that he had not changed.
[Shaula: Hmm, I’m not so sure.]
Nevertheless, despite such turmoil brewing inside Subaru, Shaula had said that so readily. He was, as expected, astonished at her reply. Perhaps it had been a mistake to have let her hear some of his more delicate worries.
[Subaru: You… No, it was idiotic of me to have asked you that.]
[Shaula: Gha-. Master is not an idiot! When you say it like that, I’m gonna get angry, Master or not! My Master is a wonderful person. I want you to be confident in yourself!]
[Subaru: I really don’t understand your position in all of this.]
She would point and laugh at a depressed Subaru, and then get angry when Subaru mocked himself. The only thing that stayed consistent was the topic related to him.
Hearing Subaru’s question, Shaula pushed her ample-sized chest forward and smiled with her hands on her hips.
[Shaula: Whether you’re changed or not, Master is still Master, so I don’t really give a toss! So long as you do as you please Master, I will always follow you.]
[Subaru: …Even if it results in crazy stuff?]
[Shaula: Well! Even if we end up in strange situations, I can always pry things open by force! Master may have forgotten, but that is the relationship between Master and meeee!]
[Subaru: …]
All of her candid words, everything Shaula had said, showing nary a trace of duplicity, or anything like that, struck him they had, many times over, causing Subaru to give a faint gulp.
He turned his face away, so that Shaula wouldn’t be able to see it.
[Meili: Onii-san?]
[Subaru: …!]
Seeing Meili looking at him there, he turned his face away back to the opposite side again.
[Shaula: Master, what’s wrong?]
[Subaru: …Gha, jeez!]
Subaru couldn’t escape to the left of him, or to the right. He could only kneel down, and look down at the floor holding his head in his arms so nobody would see his face now.
Subaru got the sensation that Meili and Shaula were looking at each other with him curled up in between them.
They wouldn’t understand… no, he doesn’t want them to understand.
He felt like he’d been saved by those vapid, vacuous, gap-filled words. He felt like “You needn’t get worked up” showed through more eloquently in her attitude than in her words.
[Meili: Onii-san, you’re strange.]
[Shaula: Master was strange from the very beginning, but I love him for that too!]
Subaru had nothing he could say in response to the exchange of those girls, that went way over what he could comprehend.
He merely felt like the feelings of tension rushing through his mind had eased off, if only a tad.
It was a few minutes before Emilia and the others came back sans results that Subaru somehow warded off his impulses and stood up.

※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※


Chapter 38
The search of the third floor library, 『Taygeta』had ended with absolutely no results.
[Emilia: I am so sorry… We tried reaaally hard to look for clues…]
Emilia bowed her head in apology towards Subaru after bringing him those fruitless results. Subaru politely accepted the apology; but in all honestly, he wasn’t that disappointed.
Of course, it certainly would have been for the best if he could have regained his memories here. Nevertheless, he was lacking in awareness in having lost his memories in the first place, so Subaru did not feel overly emotional that the search party had yielded unsuccessful results.
[Shaula: …? Master, what’s up~?]
[Subaru: Huh, Oh… it’s nothing.]
Shaula glanced towards Subaru, cocking her head at him with a happy-go-lucky expression on her face.  Subaru shrugged his shoulders, feeling a bit uneasy at the sight of her and her long, jet-black braided hair swinging about.
There was no ill-will, malice, or even any profound meaning to her.
In the end, it meant she wasn’t really thinking about anything, but her attitude being like this appeared as a relief to Subaru right now.
At least it was better than seeing the others always looking at him like he’s always done something, constantly worrying over him, and watching over every single step of his.
[Julius: Apparently, there doesn’t seem to be a pattern to how the books are arranged. It would have been too much to ask to have found them lined up ordered by their titles or in chronological order. And on the flipside, books which we would have found yesterday on one bookshelf cannot be found today on the same one.]
[Subaru: So yet another troublesome and unfriendly library, huh.]
Subaru wrinkled his nose at Julius’ remarks.
Not only did the library boast an overwhelming collection of books, but the books happened to move around scrambling themselves on their own accord, giving him absolutely no hope as a library-user.
Even if there happened to be the book they needed, they would never find it.
[Subaru: Why can’t we just pull out each book one by one and stack them onto the floor? There ain’t no end bookshelf at the back, since the bookshelves all go around the room in a circle, but say we pick a starting point and go through them one by one, surely we’ll find something somewhere?]
[Echidna: In my opinion, it’d be wiser to not. Probably doing that would be prohibited by the tower’s rules. It would probably be considered as disrespecting the library.]
Echidna, cocking her head to the side, dismissed Subaru’s suggestion. Beatrice crossed her arms and agreed with Echidna with a curt “I suppose”.
[Beatrice: Betty being an experienced librarian could never overlook leaving a book on the floor. You cannot show such disrespect to books like that, I suppose.]
[Ram: Beatrice-sama, I feel like you often left a large amount of books stacked up on the floor.]
[Beatrice: Those were the ones that instructed me how to correctly arrange the library in fact!]
Ram narrowed her pale crimson eyes at Beatrice’s awkward excuse, though she didn’t bother to reply back to her. She merely let out a deep sigh, to which Beatrice’s expression turned to one of shock.
Alongside this librarian-talk, Subaru butted in and said: “Prohibited?” with a puzzled expression on his face.
[Subaru: I am sorry – it looks like this is something I’ve not heard of again… what is prohibited?]
[Emilia: Oh, I am sorry; it looks like I didn’t explain it properly.]
Emilia raises one of her fingers in answer to Subaru.
[Emilia: In actual fact, there’s a bunch of rules that we can’t break in the tower. Like, such as: don’t leave this tower until we finish its『Trials』, don’t do anything bad to the library, don’t damage the tower, those kinds of rules.]
[Subaru: I see. Who would have guessed that putting books on the floor in this library was a bad thing… By the way, who judges whether we’ve broken any rules?]
[Shaula: Oh, that’s where I come in! Me, the Stars-Keeper, shall! Meaning, if a rule violation happens, I’ll kinda end up freaking out ‘n I’ll become a cold-blooded killing machine! That’s why I’d prefer if you did your best not to!]
[Subaru: You…? A cold-blooded killing machine…?]
Subaru could only laugh dubiously at Shaula who’d cheerfully lifted her hands up whilst making this proclamation.
No matter how much you believed Shaula’s frivolous speech, he thought it unlikely that she could ever transform into a cold-blooded killing machine. In the first place, how much damage could she really do with the slender arms of a woman? Even that should not apply in a magical fantasy world.
In fact, Subaru had heard that Shaula was not his or Emilia’s ally, but rather was the Stars-Keeper – Warden – of this Pleiades watchtower.
She held a different position compared to how Meili had found herself here. Supposedly, she was here to aid in advancing the『Trials』inside this tower. Yet he had no such impression of her actually doing this.
[Subaru: If you seriously hold such an important position, you’re going to have to let us off the hook for the sake of our friendship.]
[Shaula: Oh, you are such a baaaad guy! Master is quite dirty! But, I can’t get enough of that sliiightly wicked side of yours! There’s tons and tons of stuff I’d like to hear from you, were it one of your wishes Master, but that is irrelevant to my will! Give up on that hope and show good sportsmanship – act fair and square and give it your all!]
[Subaru: You’re no use!]
[Shaula: Hn-]
His strategy of trying to bring her to his side ended with unexpected failure as her supervisory authority wasn’t enough.
At the same time, he had to keep Shaula’s forehead away with his finger as she kept trying to bring her face close to his in the middle of the conversation, forcing her charming face back. And while doing that, Subaru let out a feeble sigh.
[Emilia: …It really kinda seems like Subaru and Shaula are both really good friends.]
Emilia whispered this just after Subaru had finished talking with Shaula.
Hearing Emilia whisper it to him, Subaru turned to face her and awkwardly stammered a “No, no, no, that isn’t so!” to her.
[Emilia: …………]
His attempt to lighten the mood of the situation was not working; Subaru immediately stopped when he saw Emilia’s expression, her eyes downcast.
Emilia was not smiling. Merely, her eyes, framed by her long lashes, were cast down, and wavering within her amethyst eyes, was a seeming sense of loneliness.
Subaru’s face sunk at seeing her expression – immediately noticing his reaction, Emilia frantically waved her hands back and forth at him in denial.
[Emilia: Oh, no, it’s reaaaally good that you’re both friends! Such a gloomy face does not suit you, Subaru… yeah, it’s okay.]
Feigning a smile, Emilia somehow blurted those words out to herself.
[Subaru: Ah, Emilia-chan, you know, I…]
Subaru holds his head as he struggled to find anything he could say to say to Emilia.
He felt like he would be saying the wrong thing no matter what he said.
Likely the only way he could find a correct answer would be amidst his vanished memories. He was in a nightmarish situation where all the options that were presented were probably false answers.
Under these circumstances, saying anything to the sad girl sitting in front of him would be –
[?: Hey, so what are we going to do now?]
A soft voice broke the awkward silence. It had been Meili who had asked this from where she sat on Taygeta’s floor, resting her chin in her hands. She looked up at the adults in the room from her seated position and spoke,
[Meili: We can’t find any leads to recovering Onii-san’s memories here. It’s a shame, not that I particularly care, but I wonder what we should do next… are we still trying to find clues on how he lost his memory? Or…?]
Meili cut her words off there; instead turns her face upwards and pointed at the ceiling with her right hand, smiling quite provocatively.
[Meili: Let’s go upstairs? Let’s postpone finding Onii-san’s memory for a short while.]
[Echidna: …Yes, that seems like something to consider as well.]
Having heard Meili’s suggestion, it was Echidna who had responded with a thoughtful look on her face. Emilia’s eyes widened at hearing her agreement.
[Emilia: Wait… I feel the same sense of wanting to hasten… but I can’t leave Subaru like he is.]
[Echidna: I understand your view. It would be certainly preferable for me, Julius and everyone to return Natsuki-kun’s memory… However, we can’t ignore the current situation either. Natsuki-kun’s memories ceasing to exist may be linked to the tower’s『Trial』.]
[Emilia: Subaru’s memories are linked to the『Trial』?]
It wasn’t just Emilia who had reacted like this; the others had all turned their heads in surprise towards Echidna as she said this. Realising she had the attention of everyone, Echidna closed one of her eyes and said: “May I?”
[Echidna: There is no doubt that common sense barely applies when it comes to this tower, however, it would be foolish to think what happened to Natsuki-kun is unrelated to the tower. That’s why we all went to Taygeta in the first place – to put it broadly, we’re thinking that his memories were taken from him by the tower.]
[Subaru: I think that sounds chuuni ‘n cool, that memories can be stolen by the tower. If it wasn’t me who was experiencing this I would be excited to hear more of the story… but, to begin with, Taygeta’s『Trial』is complete – isn’t it strange to try and pull out my memories from here?]
[Echidna: Yeah. Therefore I think that your memories weren’t stolen because of the『Trial』, but rather because you must have broken one of the rules. Even if the『Trial』of Taygeta is over, the functions of the entire tower haven’t been carried out. It’s just like taking out a book or disrespecting the library.]
Echidna had explained her reasoning and Subaru was left to puzzle it over in his mind. In conclusion, Echidna’s reasoning alluded to this:
[Subaru: So you’re saying yesterday I must have broken one of the rules of this place and bam, my head went kerplow. To be honest, trying to search for loopholes sounds like something I would do. I am not able to make any objection to her reasoning.]
[Emilia: But, wouldn’t that have made Shaula angry?]
Echidna had nodded at Subaru acknowledging his conclusion; however Emilia had butted in and pointed towards Shaula, clearly remembering their previous interaction.
[Emilia: If he had violated any rules, won’t that have made Shaula angry? It should be a completely different story to what we are experiencing here with his memories.]
[Ram: That’s right. I understand the possibility that Barusu foolishly broke the rules, but Shaula has not bared her fangs yet at Ram or any of you. What do you make of that?]
Ram glares at Shaula with her pale, red eyes. Beholding her gaze, Shaula leapt up with an “Eeep”, and hid behind Subaru.
[Ram: No way would you have seriously abandoned your role because of Barusu?]
[Julius: That is very optimistic of you to say for sure. However, as Miss Shaula said some time ago, she’s barely aware of her being the one who actually carries out the punishments in the tower.]
Shrugging his shoulders, Julius stands next to Echidna and supports her opinion.
[Julius: If we are presented with the four things which are prohibited, and you break one, the given penalty may not be equal for us. Miss Shaula could turn into our enemy and in some cases attack us, for example desecrating the Library in some way could result in having your memories stolen…]
Julius cut his words off there and promptly turned his yellow eyes towards Subaru.
[Subaru: …………]
There were some really complex emotions swimming inside Julius’ eyes which Subaru could not distinguish. Julius continued his speech with: “Although,”
[Julius: We do not have any time or actual proof to test whether this guess is correct.]
[Ram: There is a way to check. If it’s truly just losing your memories, then we can just sacrifice the 4 or 5 hours of memory that Barusu has had since he’s been awake. That ensures that the damage will be minimal.]
[Subaru: Stop using people’s memories as guinea pigs! Memories still shape that person! Even if it’s only 4 or 5 hours, I am still myself! I’m not a bad Natsuki Subaru!]
[Ram: I was joking.]
Subaru’s entire body shivered at Ram’s blunt remark which she had said behind his back. Whether it had been a joke or not, Subaru had no clue. It was likely it was, dare he say that her lofty attitude was probably just a façade. It is in her nature that she does not want to show any weakness to people, after all could it be related to what had happened a short while ago. In the end, it wouldn’t surprise him if she just wished to erase her embarrassment from the time when Subaru had seen her frail side.
Anyways, other than whether Echidna and Julius’ reasoning are correct or not, one possibility was worth considering. Regarding his memory loss, that…
[Subaru: To put things plainly… both of your opinions, regardless of whether they have a nugget of truth within it, maybe we’re all grasping at straws here, in that I am against. Even if we’re like sorta just floundering around, I don’t really get the feeling that the memories I lost are gonna be found ya know.]
[Emilia: Does what you’re thinking have any basis at all?]
[Subaru: Just a hunch. Besides, if this is really part of the tower’s『Trial』then maybe if we clear ’em I’ll get my memories back, right?]
[Emilia: ……………………]
Subaru wagged his finger left and right as Emilia and the others exchanged looks in response to his words.
However, they hadn’t reacted negatively to his thoughts. Rather, there was a trace of hope beginning to appear on their faces.
Firmly, placing her palm on her chest, Emilia began to rapidly nod.
[Emilia: Yes, that’s right! If Subaru’s memory has been slurped up by the tower, then surely they may be returned after completing its『Trial』]
[Subaru: The expression you used, “being sucked up”, I get quite the super-cute feeling from it, but that’s the spirit, that’s the spirit!]
[Emilia: Mhm, that’s the spirit!]
Subaru smiled in relief at Emilia as she had jumped up and made a cute triumphant pose. Beatrice, who had been looking on, shook her head in exasperation,
[Beatrice: Jeez… I really don’t understand which one of you is the one being encouraged, in fact.]
So she let that out like that.
Certainly, with this, their positions were opposites– However, Subaru thought that was fine.
After all, he had found some hope in this situation, and some of the vigour had returned to Emilia’s eyes. For that, Subaru had felt quite a great sense of relief.
Such a gloomy face did not suit a young lady like her. Besides, she had been worrying about Subaru from the depths of her heart. ‘Twas quite painful to think that he’d been the reason behind making her look so gloomy.
[Subaru: And I was the one who showed such a move on a woman way out of my league…]
[Beatrice: I have no idea what he is saying – for now we will adjourn finding Subaru’s memory, I suppose. So if we are to complete the tower’s 『Trial』, we should do as Meili suggested and go upstairs.]
[Subaru: Upstairs. So you said we are on the third floor now, so the next floor up is the second.]
As he said that, Subaru looked around the library. A room that he’d surveyed more than plenty, even when he hadn’t actually walked around it.
A room with nothing in it except bookshelves. Meaning there were no stairs that led up.
[Subaru: Where is the staircase that leads to the second floor?]
[Julius: It’s located on the fourth floor – there’s a staircase there that leads up to the second floor from there…]
Emilia sneaked a look towards Julius with a concerned look on her face. Seeing her, Julius knitted his eyebrows and said “Worry not,”
[Julius: I will not act rashly without consulting any of you like yesterday. It is as I promised at breakfast. However, even if I hadn’t…]
[Ram: Reid, the first『Sword Saint』, is a very tough opponent. Now then, what do you suppose we should do?]
Julius and Ram exchanged bitter looks. It wasn’t just those two that seemed to share this feeling, but everyone around him had a similar look on their faces. That is, other than Shaula, who had grimaced like she’d put something  in her mouth, that wasn’t just bitter, but poisonous.
[Subaru: Ah, sorry. What do you mean, Reid?]
As usual, it was Natsuki Subaru that had been left behind in this situation.

※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
The first『Sword Saint』, Reid Astrea.
That was the name of the man who guarded the second floor of the Pleiades watchtower as its examiner.
In the first place, the title of『Sword Saint』was something Subaru had heard for his first time. However, when he had heard that he was of the first generation of this lineage, he got the premonition that this man could be likened to a powerful fictional character from his knowledge of these subcultures. His prediction was quite accurate, in fact these『Sword Saints』or whatever were extremely powerful people, and such.
It seemed that yesterday, the party that had challenged Reid had experienced the difference in strength between them, rather like the difference between an adult and a child. Amongst them, it was only Emilia who had achieved some sort of victory through both skill and luck…
[Subaru: The problem is that I’ve lost my memory and I can’t even do anything useful…]
At the breakfast table where everyone had been trying to distract themselves from their uneasiness, he had tried to think of a novel idea to clear the tower with a bang. As far as he knew the『Trial』on the second floor seemed to require pure strength. In this situation, there was no place at all for his guile or knowledge of the modern world.
[Subaru: I guess scattering some flour about and attacking him with a dust explosion or something like that ain’t gonna cut it…]
His strongest signature ability: “Dust Explosion” – he would need to fine-tune quite a large amount of flour to activate it. In the first place, Subaru imagined there wouldn’t be an abundant amount of flour lying around in this place where food was scarce.
In fact, it was unknown to him whether there was any flour at all here.
[Subaru: Hm, then I hope I can activate the secret cheat ability that I must have gotten from being summoned into this world.]
Subaru punched the wall next to him with his palm, yelling out a “HA!” in an attempt to see if he could activate it. There was no shockwave emitted from his palm, nor had the stone wall he had punched shattered into little pieces. The only thing he felt was the roughness against his palm, and a somewhat hollow pang in his heart.
Unfortunately, the secret cheat ability that had been given to Subaru seemed to not be related to great physical strength. In a last attempt, Subaru places his hands on the wall and kicks it with all his might. All that resulted was that he left a footprint on the place he had kicked the wall – as well as a stubbed toe.
[Subaru: Well it must be magic! Beatrice, tell me how to use some magic.]
[Beatrice: Magic… Subaru can never use that ever again.]
[Subaru: Ever again!? Why!? Did I dabble into a forbidden spell or something!?]
[Beatrice: You used too much beginner’s magic despite being told not to use it and it broke your gate, I suppose. That’s why you will never be able to use magic again, in fact.]
[Subaru: It broke from using beginner’s magic!? So lame!]
Subaru had the urge to cry out to the heavens, having heard that he indeed had possessed magical powers, but could not use them anymore to live life as a mage – and worst of all it had been him casting beginner’s magic that had destroyed his magical gate. Regardless of his loss of memories, Natsuki Subaru’s life in a different world had started from the very bottom.
[Subaru: Guess at least my saving grace is that I’ve been blessed with people.]
Clenching his hand into a fist, and then unclenching it, Subaru felt these emotions along with a profound sigh.
Even if it was rather one sided, it was relieving that there were people here who knew him. Without them, he would have been alone in this unknown world without any special abilities. To be honest, he did not think he was skillful enough to survive without any support. So, finding himself here was a salvation… even if it had made someone’s face sink.
[Subaru: ……………]
Gulping, Subaru bent and stretched on the spot. He had checked the condition of his body, of his magic, and whether he had any special abilities.
They were in some impromptu free-time before they went up to the second floor. Whilst Emilia and the others were making the arrangements to to challenge the walls of the second floor, Subaru was busying himself in checking whether his body had been endowed with any special abilities.
After punching and kicking the wall, after being indignant about being told that his magical ability had ran dry, after running around the tower’s insides, after thinking on how to test for special powers from various directions, Subaru had realised one thing, and that was –
[Subaru: That maybe, I haven’t received anything…]
After sprinting through the hallway, whilst slightly out of breath, Subaru had accepted this fact. He felt like he possessed more physical strength than he did before. Even when he kicked the wall he felt as if he was far more agile than he remembered. However, it was not to be confused for special powers – rather it would be more accurate to say that it’s the same consequence of the scars on his body, and his grotesque looking arm. That is to say, it was probably due to what had happened during the year which Subaru could not remember.
The only ability he possessed was the one where he was just an ordinary person who could not even respond to his parent’s expectations. An ability on the levels that an ordinary person would have attained after suitable amount of endeavour.
He couldn’t feel the grace of special abilities granted to him by a so-called “God” there.
[Subaru: At first, I’d tried to do some transformation poses…]
He had tried Super Senshi poses, then Kamen Rider poses, Pretty Cure poses, and even Sailor Senshi poses – but they had all been ineffective.
Meaning that, in the end, he was a Parallel World Visitor who’d been thrown in here with nary a thing.
[Subaru: After all of that… my only hope is that my powers awaken when I am in trouble… fuck.]
Scratching his head, Subaru bit down the seed of anxiety that was starting to grow in his heart. In front of Emilia and the others, he would have steeled himself and pretended that everything was okay. However, when looking at the situation anew, there was nothing but anxiety regarding Subaru’s position.
His memory was gone. There was no longer any doubt about it. There was too much evidence pointing towards it. And to be honest, he really wanted to believe it. He couldn’t not believe it and continue to stay in this place. He wanted to stay here. Here in this world, only here right now. So, he wanted some powers to do that.
[Subaru: In the end, I have to depend on the bonds I have made with the people I don’t remember. Makes me wanna cry.]
Natsuki Subaru, who was always mooching off stuff, did not have any changes to him, even in this parallel world. 　The more Emilia and the others showed how earnestly they were worried about Subaru, the more Subaru cursed himself for being blessed with his borrowed position.
[Subaru: It’s not like when I go to the second floor I’mma be able to do anything there…]
That was why, in his heart, he had refused to be left behind.
After they had explained to him about the guardian of the second floor, Reid Astrea, they had argued whether to bring Subaru along to the『Trial』. It had been Emilia who was the most concerned about bringing him along. Others were a bit reluctant but had not protested as strongly as Emilia. Subaru on the other hand wished to accompany them. It seemed that they had thought that he would be unlikely to be of much help to them in conquering the second floor. They also mentioned that Reid Astrea’s temperament would be harmful towards him. Therefore, although if it had kept like that, Subaru was going to be left behind, he had –
[Subaru: – Still, I had insisted on going with them.]
The reason why they had tried to leave Subaru behind was because they were worried about him.
Being treated so gently with concern always on their mind felt delightfully poisonous to him. If he had been the Natsuki Subaru with his memories intact, he was sure that he would have accompanied them and that there would never have been such a discussion on whether he was coming or not.
It would be unlikely that his amnesia would influence his abilities. In other words, except for the lack of knowledge, Subaru had thought he would be able to fight just like before he had lost his memories. Hence, he had tried one way or another to prove it to them, but in the end he hadn’t gotten any results.
[Subaru: Although I asked Beatrice to leave me alone, from here on out the going’s going to get tough.]
In seeing that Subaru was about to be left behind, he recalls Beatrice’s sullen face. However, he had still asked her to leave him be after he had tried to ascertain whether his secret cheat ability was something physical, magical or skill based. After she had left, Subaru had tried out the transformation poses. After all, it would have been extremely embarrassing to test these poses in front of another person. Beatrice of course had been quite unyielding and Subaru recalled how he had argued back and forth with her…
[Beatrice: When I leave you alone, you’re gonna end up losing your memories, nothing good will come of it! Betty will not move from here even with a lever, I suppose!]
[Subaru: I am glad you feel that way, I’m totally grateful, but I’m about to do some stuff that I can’t show to anyone!]
[Beatrice: Between Betty and Subaru, we don’t need such distance!]
[Subaru: No, I will be getting naked to put on my makeup by the moonlight!]
He had tried to break through to her with a brute-force approach, zealously appealing her to leave the room. Eventually, seeing how nothing was working, they had managed to sort out things, with Beatrice receiving his strong, strong appeal, that he wouldn’t do anything unnecessary, and would without fail, join back up with her.
[Subaru: Although it doesn’t ring a bell, I was told I was her contractor, on that point, it seemed like it was going well with Beatrice. Doesn’t sound like me… was that actually really me?]
Grimacing a little, Subaru pulled out the whip that had been holstered at his waist. He tried to hit the tip of it against the wall, but instead only succeeded in hitting his own leg.
[Subaru: Oww…! I guess my body doesn’t remember how to use it… or, maybe I didn’t master how to use it before I lost my memory…?]
Having hit his own shin, Subaru’s eyes began to tear up in pain as he rubbed it.
In the first place, why had he chosen a whip as his weapon of choice? It was not a sword, or a gun… was he trying to be cool and unique picking a whip as his weapon?
[Subaru: If I’d been able to use it, then I guess it must mean that it’s not just the stuff inside of my head that’s gone missing?]
While rubbing his shin, Subaru mulled this over as he knelt, his face twisting into a scowl at the chance that it really would not be salvageable.
If his current reasoning was indeed correct, what was left for him, here?
He had lost his memories, made those he was supposed to accompany worry, lost everything he had worked towards, and became useless. Ultimately, with only history having been etched onto his body, and merely the outer shell was set in place.
Guess he was just like papier-mâché.
[Subaru: Ha.]
With a short sigh, Subaru got up. Those words that were floating in his brain were so silly that he wanted to guffaw at them.
What are you going to do now, you papier-mâché…
When wasn’t Natsuki Subaru a papier-mâché?
[Subaru: Ah, I give up, I give up. I’m an idiot. Maybe I’m just unmotivating myself…]
Subaru brought his fist to his forehead in frustration and sighed again, bending over to pick up the fallen whip. He did not understand how to put it back to how it was – struggling a bit he finally managed to somehow put it back on his waist.
As he did so, there he saw a blister on the palm of his hand―― one that was different from those he got from swinging a kendo sword, one that made him feel the year that had gone by. For some reason, he traced it with his tongue. It felt tough. It felt bitter.
[Subaru: I wish I’d kept a diary for this occasion. This is no use.]
Subaru started to walk away from the scene, fuming at his past self in irrational anger. He couldn’t confirm the presence of any secret cheat abilities, but in a sense he could say the fact he couldn’t was a trove of information. With this in mind, he concluded that he shouldn’t rely on something that did not exist. In a way it was a little bit positive but way more of a negative.
[Subaru: Well, this is not the right way…]
Subaru had gone the wrong way and found himself on another floor. In front of him was the large spiral staircase that leads to the lower floors of the tower. He had heard that the tower was made up of six floors. To go up from the sixth floor to the fourth floor, one would have to climb up the stairs which went up for probably over 100s of metres high.
[Subaru: Thinking about it, the way this tower is structured is peculiar… it’s like being in a fantasy world story now.]
It was a world where foliage can treat your injuries just by being within. Besides, in his original world, there had been some buildings which had seemed to be beyond human understanding. Pyramids were one example of such a phenomenon. If you think about it, then maybe there was not much of a difference between this tower and the pyramids.
[Subaru: I’m looking for things in common between this world and my original world, did the past ‘me’ do this too?]
Subaru began to feel ridiculous at having referred to himself as the “past me”.
He felt as if he has slowly been going crazy ever since he’d lost his memories. In essence, there hadn’t been a Subaru ‘before’ or a Subaru ‘after’ losing his memories. The past and the present too, his-self was all one continuum. So, here too, Natsuki Subaru was –
[Subaru: – Oh?]
Subaru shook his head as if he was trying to shake off the thoughts that had clouded his mind – he let out a small sigh. It was truly a nonchalant sigh.
He had let it out completely unintentionally, in spite of having received something much more unexpected. It was no more, and no less than that.
However, at the same time he had let out that sigh, he had felt a slight push on his back.
[Subaru: ………………]
And as he let out that sigh which was tantamount to no more than that, the world was flipped upside down.
[Subaru: Ah?]
His feet were off the ground – no, not just his feet… his whole body was. His whole body was overwhelmed by a feeling of weightlessness, he was falling down mid-air, losing sight of what was up or down.
Engulfed by the sensation of weightlessness, Natsuki Subaru continues to fall.
[Subaru: Wha-?]
The sound of the wind whistled through his eardrums. He didn’t get it. He didn’t get anything. Right now, Subaru was falling. He was falling. Spinning round and round in mid-air as he falls down head-first.
Falling, falling, falling – as he falls his thoughts caught up to him – still falling.
[Subaru: Waaait, wait, wait, wait–]
The world was spinning around his eyes. His limbs were flailing in mid-air. He does not know how many seconds had elapsed, but finally Subaru understood what had happened.
Falling, he was falling. He was going to crash. He would hit the ground after falling down from above. He was swallowed by darkness as he fell past the spiral staircase. As he looked around desperately to all of his sides, Subaru could only see the tower’s stone walls flowing past him. No, the walls were not flowing past him. It was Subaru’s field of vision that was inverted as he fell down head-first – so it was in fact him who was sweeping past them. The sensation of tumbling down caused him to retch, chunks of vomit flying out from him.
[Subaru: …ghrkh]
Subaru couldn’t even breathe, his throat was clogged with vomit. His nose stung, tears of pain were streaming out of him and his organs felt like they were all in the wrong place. His whole body felt like a chaotic mess. His face, clothes, and surely the floor would have ended up flecked with vomit.
Emilia would be shocked. Beatrice would get angry at him. Ram would just coldly stare at him. Julius would give him a tired sigh. Echidna would shrug her shoulders. Meili would laugh. Shaula would point at him.
With such a feeling of frustration, Subaru had completely lost track of his own reality. Even if I search everywhere, I cannot find it. It’s not up in the sky. It’s not within me. Where did it go? Where is it? As well as his memory, Subaru had also lost himself.
[Subaru: Mommy.]
Natsuki Subaru fainted just as that acrid mutter escaped from him. His consciousness halted, his thoughts were becoming fuzzy, and then–
And then ––––
And then ––––––––
And then ––––––––––––––––
And then ––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––
Hard ground.

※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※※
[? … Subaru! Hey, Subaru, are you okay?]
As he woke up, the first thing he heard was her chiming, silver bell voice. He could feel her breath near his face and her fingers on his arm. Sensing this, Subaru roused himself into consciousness, and slowly opened his eyes. In front of him was a frighteningly good-looking fairy of the moon.
[Subaru: Is this Emilia-chan…?]
[Emilia: Oh, Subaru, thank goodness. You woke up. I was really worried about you.]
Hearing Subaru speak, Emilia stroked her chest with a relieved look on her face. Subaru looked around the room in shock.
He was in a room that was completely covered in ivy, even the bed he was lying in was woven from ivy. The beautiful girl next to him, Emilia, was gently patting her chest in relief. And right next to her stood a drill loli.
[Beatrice: Emilia, if you continue to be so gentle to him, Subaru will not reflect on his actions, I suppose. If you don’t act tougher on him, he won’t understand just how much he worried everyone.]
[Emilia: That’s right, though Beatrice why do you say it like that? Subaru was missing, so we hurried to find him… when we did, he was collapsed, and you were about to cry…]
[Beatrice: It would be nice if you didn’t say the unneeded, I suppose!]
Beatrice turned away from them, her face turning red in anger. Subaru who was watching this exchange looked on in confusion.
[Subaru: Eh? What? Was it a dream?]
[“………………………?”]
At hearing Subaru say that, both Emilia and Beatrice turned towards him.


Chapter 39
Subaru gazed around the room, not knowing what had happened to him. He could not comprehend a shred of the situation.
[Subaru: …………………………]
It was the room that he had gotten so used to seeing now, even if he would hesitate to call it “familiar”. The walls, floors and ceiling were covered in ivy, even the bed he had woken up in was woven with ivy.
In front of him stood two girls – a beautiful lady and a beautiful little girl – both were craning their necks to look at him. A huge lizard was kneeling down beside his bed. On the other bed within the room, a girl with blue hair and closed eyes was lying there. There was absolutely nothing out of the ordinary; this was the green room of the Pleiades watchtower.
[Subaru: But… Huh? Why am I here again?]
Subaru didn’t know if he had even woken up.
With his hands on his head, Subaru recalled what had happened just before. They had talked about challenging the second floor trial whilst he had tried to confirm whether he possessed any special abilities. After all of that, Subaru had walked through the tower to join with Emilia and the others after he had confirmed that he didn’t possess any abilities –
[Subaru: Errr? What happened after that?]
His memory of what had happened afterwards was unclear. He had woken up on this bed all of a sudden, that impression had been strong. And, whilst he fumbled to straighten his mind, a voice broke his train of thought,
[Emilia: Hey, Subaru, are you feeling okay?]
[Subaru: Uhh-aaah! Emilia-chan, you’re so close!]
Emilia’s beautiful face had suddenly popped up right next to his; she was so close to him that he could feel her breath against his face. In seeing her amethyst coloured eyes, bordered by long eyelashes, approaching out of nowhere, Subaru scooted back to the opposite side of his bed.
Emilia’s eyes widened in surprise at his overreaction.
[Emilia: You don’t have to look so scared… Besides, it was me who had been scared earlier…]
[Subaru: Scared…?]
[Beatrice: Certainly. We thought that you had disappeared. We searched for you and found you collapsed, I suppose. It would be improper to not be worried.]
[Subaru: Seriously? I collapsed again?]
Beatrice crossed her arms and snorted in exasperation. Subaru was caught by surprise by her words – he stood up and patted his body to make sure it was okay. Yet, he couldn’t feel any abnormalities. Though it was dubious whether he would notice any differences considering his amnesia, there were no obvious signs of trauma.
[Subaru: Still, it’s pretty dangerous to collapse twice in such a short time… although it has only been a couple of hours, should I feel lucky that my memories weren’t blown away again?]
[Beatrice: What are you grumbling about… Subaru should have something to say to Betty and Emilia, I suppose.]
[Subaru: Something to say…?]
Beatrice threw these words at him as he was staring at his outstretched arms. Subaru turned around to see both Emilia and Beatrice staring at him. He was a little bit worried about what would he have to tell these two individuals.
[Subaru: Well, I’m sorry. I apologise for worrying you all. You both saved me again.]
[Beatrice: You’re doing fine so far.]
[Emilia: Heh, you are most welcome. But, I am quite glad that nothing happened to you. I’m so relieved.]
[Subaru: Ah, yes. I’m sorry to Emilia-chan, it’s inexcusable for me to cause you so much trouble all the time.]
Raising his hand in apology, Subaru expresses his gratitude towards Emilia. However, when Emilia heard Subaru’s words, she furrowed her shapely eyebrows. Her amethyst eyes looked positively bewildered.
[Emilia: Well, would, wait… Subaru, what happened just then?]
[Subaru: What happened… that’s a vague question. What’s the issue?]
[Emilia: Well, just now you called me Emilia-chan. Somehow, being called that makes me feel a little bit uneasy.]
While saying this, Emilia began to fiddle with her long silver hair as she nervously looked at Subaru. Her gaze seemed to be filled with loneliness, Subaru involuntarily let out an internal yelp.
Open and friendly, her appearance had struck Subaru’s taste. However, in regards to her current emotions, Subaru felt like there was a deep gap between them.
[Beatrice: Subaru’s pranks are starting up again now, I suppose. More importantly…]
Beatrice’s mood was starting to get worse after hearing the exchange of those two. Shaking her splendid drills, she snapped her fingers at Subaru. And, with a puff of her red cheeks, she said:
[Beatrice: I want you to tell Betty and Emilia now. Why did you go to the『Taygeta』library last night, I suppose? Why did you collapse there?]
[Subaru: Wait, wait, wait, wait! Wait, what, I collapsed again in Taygeta?]
[Beatrice: Again?]
[Subaru: Seriously, Taygeta is such a dreadful place… I don’t know what I was doing there again. After all, it’s a place with such a shady history, it was reckless of me, I guess.]
Subaru had been told of an incident which his own memory did not recall; he was bewildered by this fact and started to feel a little bit unsettled. For sure, he could not recall anything before and after he had slipped out of consciousness. Still, there should be no reason for him to have visited Taygeta again. Rather, it’s more likely that someone must have found him collapsed elsewhere in the tower and brought him to Taygeta. Though, he didn’t see what the point of that would be.
[Beatrice: Wait, I suppose. Subaru.]
However, Beatrice had told him to wait up, as he began to feel confused.
[Subaru: Yeah?]
[Beatrice: Somehow, I think we’re not on the same wavelength. Subaru, tell us the story accurately, I suppose.]
[Subaru: Accurately…? What do you mean?]
[Beatrice: Try telling us about the situation you’re in right now.]
Patiently, Beatrice slowly spelled this out to Subaru. He nodded his head as he sensed the intimidation in her tone as she spoke those heavy words. And, whilst Emilia looked at him with a worried expression on her face, Subaru strained his memory in thought.
[Subaru: Well, I think I told you… when I woke up I had no memories. Though it doesn’t mean that they are completely empty. My memories since being summoned to this parallel world are…]
[Beatrice: Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait!? Memories? What do you mean by memories, I suppose!?]
[Subaru: Huh?]
Beatrice’s usually dignified manner was abruptly shattered as Subaru had begun his explanation. He was surprised by her unexpected reaction. Emilia had placed her hand on the panicked Beatrice’s shoulder to steady her. But Emilia wasn’t calm either. She was also looking at Subaru in astonishment.
[Emilia: Subaru, I am sorry, I don’t know what you’re saying…]
[Subaru: No, I’d feel bothered if I stop here, I have you two here…]
– He was supposed to know what to say next, he tried to continue, but his words trailed off.
[“……………………”]
Both Emilia and Beatrice looked at Subaru with sheer bewilderment in their eyes. It was plain to him that they were not acting. And because he thought they were not acting, that made it all the more terrifying to him.
Why were they forgetting about when he had told them about his amnesia?
Surely, the tower hadn’t sucked up the memories of those other than Subaru. A terrifying thought rose to his mind. Namely, this tower was an awful one, sucking out everyone’s memories to some degree, making conversation impossible.
Then, Subaru realised.
[Subaru: When I woke up, and when talking to those two…]
And on top of that, he may have remembered something. No, not may have. He had definitely remembered something.
The first time he had met Emilia and Beatrice, when he was told he had lost his memories… the conversation had sounded exactly like the one now.
To put it more plainly, waking up in the Green Room, lying on the ivy bed, was that not a carbon copy of the situation earlier when he was told he had lost his memories?
[Subaru: …………………]
Thinking about this fact, Subaru gulped loudly.
If you look at Emilia and Beatrice, both of their behaviours had not changed. However it is not from distrust that they were glancing at Subaru in sheer bewilderment, rather it’s from concern in their heart towards “Subaru”. The fact that there was no deception in their gazes made Subaru feel much more calm at heart.
In all honesty, Subaru’s heart had been undulating under great turmoil. But, having made this guess at the current situation –
[Subaru: I am seeing the same events again. I must be experiencing precognitive dreams.]
Given his situation when he woke up, is it not reasonable to think this? If so, when he had lost consciousness, should he rather say that he had woke up? In that moment just before he woke up his memories had been incredibly hazy. Dreams did, for some reason,slip through the cracks between ones fingers when trying to keep them jumbled together. Or maybe these precognitive dreams were a special ability Subaru was given when summoned into this world –
[Subaru: It’s difficult to make use of – it’s a pretty selective ability…]
However, there’s no doubt that if he could master it, then it would be quite a potent ability. In the end, a precognitive dream would let him foresee the future. The longer it would show him the truth for, the greater chance of finding a clue to overcome the situation. Unfortunately, he did not think that he got much useful information out of this precognitive dream –
[Subaru: – you two, I need you to calm down just a little and hear what I have to say.]
Sitting up straight, Subaru now had an understanding of the ability he possessed. He turned towards them and said that. Emilia and Beatrice both look at Subaru and nod, with serious expressions on their faces. Looking towards them, Subaru said with a slight hint of hesitation:
[Subaru: I don’t know if you can believe this, but I seem to have lost my memories.]

※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
– Subaru had awakened at the Taygeta Library and lost his memories.
It took as much time as it had in the precognitive dream for Emilia and Beatrice to digest what he had confessed.
[Emilia: Aieee!]
With an air-splitting sound, the girl slammed her palms onto her own cheeks with all her strength. Her anxious eyes widened up in pain, and at the shock, as she motivated herself with an “Alright”
It was a brave, almost manly way of accepting it – something he had also seen in his precognitive dream.
[Emilia: I’m fine. Being like that is no-good, is it? How could we keep making that troubled face when Subaru must be feeling even more troubled than we are… look, Beatrice too!]
Having rallied her strength with a vigorous speech, Emilia shook Beatrice’s shoulder. In front of Emilia’s geared up presence, Beatrice looked at her, unable to hide her confusion.
[Emilia: I’m shocked too, and I also understand the sadness… but right now, we have to think about the one who’s taking this the hardest. We have to do something for him, don’t we?]
[Beatrice: Be- Betty is…]
[Beatrice:  …………………] 1
Subaru fought back a pang in his chest as he watches Beatrice struggle to get her words out. Subaru knew exactly what Beatrice would say, and what sort of face she would make. But he was quite wrong in thinking that it would bring him some peace of mind.
Having to betray someone’s feeling of hopes was tough, rather it was terrifying. No matter how many times he had to do it, regardless whether it was the same problem for the second time, it was all the same. And now, Subaru knew Beatrice much better than the first time he met her. That was why it was tougher for Subaru than the first time.
[Beatrice: aaaauuggghhh, just, really! Subaru is just the most hopeless Contractor in the world!]
With that said, Beatrice broke through her embarrassment – the pattern of the butterfly wings that adorned her irises started to flutter in her eyes. While he was relieved by that, Subaru felt a strong sense of self-hatred.
…Was this right. Was he satisfied with this? Yeah, Natsuki Subaru…
…Could he really erect a castle upon the sand, on top of the bonds and faith he’d already built up?
[“…………………………………”]
Subaru gritted his teeth together as he saw Emilia and Beatrice’s heartwrenching, albeit gentle, determination.
Subaru had not confided to them that he was able to experience precognitive dreams. The conversation after he woke up, and with remembering their names, he pushed the fact that not all of his memories had fallen out. In fact, besides his memory loss of course, Subaru’s report had also been about the allocation of his missing memories. He couldn’t afford to doubt the two people with him, and furthermore, Subaru himself didn’t want to engage in any unproductive conversation.
Above all else, he wanted to figure out how far his precognitive dreams would show the truth correctly for. For this reason, he did not want to create a situation which would deviate from what his precognitive dream had shown him. Although some changes had occurred at the start, they were not anything too big.
However, this was not the only reason that he did not mention his precognitive dreams.
[Subaru: …………………………]
Neither Emilia, Beatrice, Ram, Julius, Echidna nor even anyone had explained to Subaru that he had this『Precognitive Dreams』ability. Shaula and Meili also hadn’t. It’s difficult to imagine that they intentionally hid it from Subaru. Even under the prior circumstances it’s difficult to believe that they all had the same intention; it made no sense.
Then it was inevitable that there was only one reason why they wouldn’t know of his『Precognitive Dreams』– that is, Natsuki Subaru had never revealed to them his ability.
[Subaru: … what were you thinking, Natsuki Subaru.]
Subaru calls his name out as if he was referring to a different person… No, saying as if he was referring to a different person was wrong. It was a different person.
To Subaru, “Natsuki Subaru” is an unknown person who doesn’t exist. He can’t guess what he is thinking and he can’t interact with him. There would be no chance of getting to understand him.
Why did “Subaru” not tell Emilia et al. about his power?
Was it because he didn’t want to change the development of these precognitive dreams as much as possible? Even if it was due to that, surely once the situation had been overcome there would have been time to confide this? Was there a reason why he couldn’t say it?
A distrust of the old “Subaru” was steadily growing within him.
[Subaru: You…]
… what were you thinking, “Natsuki Subaru”.

※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
– After that, the events took place as expected, roughly following what he had seen in his precognitive dreams.
[Emilia: So, I guess everyone is pretty shocked…… Subaru is in quite a situation right now. But, even in a situation like this…… no, precisely because the situation is like this, we should give him our support.]
Emilia explains to the others how Subaru has lost his memories. Although it wasn’t the greatest of explanations, it was now impossible to make a follow-up in case he drastically changed the events. Thus, in place of Emilia, who sucked with words, Beatrice ended up taking on the struggle.
And then –
[Ram: Is this some kind of prank, Barusu?]
Ram had suspected that Subaru’s situation might have been a prank –
[Shaula: Say, Master… you’re still not tired of playing around like thissss? Just how many times do you have to forget me before you cut that outtt?]
Shaula had indifferently accepted that he had lost his memories as if she thought it was something that couldn’t be helped–
[Meili: Really, Onii-san sure looks like really troubled, doesn’t he]
Whether disinterested or not, Meili smiled at the prank, as if enjoying the atmosphere of confusion –
[Echidna: Just, let’s give him a little time to settle down. That’s fine, right?]
Worried about Julius as he’d became extremely upset at hearing that Subaru had lost his memories, soon after Echidna suggested for them to take a brief interval to collect their thoughts. He accepted Ram’s invitation and left the room to fetch some water. Then when they were alone with just the two of them, Ram grabbed Subaru by his collar and pushes him against the wall.
[Ram: ……Please, spit it… out]
He’d parted with some of his saintliness. However, that’s not to say that he wasn’t shook to the core. After hearing Ram’s quiet sobs, Subaru returned back to where everyone was with this conviction…
…The precognitive dreams are accurate. They are terribly accurate and foreshadow the events completely.
Subaru didn’t know everything they would say and do, but the impression that they had given was pretty much unchanged. If there was a problem –
[Echidna: Natsuki-kun is quite calm despite the situation.]
Re-introducing each other, and both revealing their bombshells, with that Anastasia’s consciousness was currently overwritten by Echidna’s, Echidna said that to Subaru.
[Subaru: …………………]
Subaru felt his mouth dry up after hearing Echidna’s words. To be honest, Echidna’s observation was understandable. Subaru himself couldn’t really do much about it.
Everyone was shocked and in a state of panic. Still, whilst seeing her trying to smooth over the absurd situation, he couldn’t help but not feel much empathy from within his heart for them. It’s like when you watch a movie for a second time – the emotions you experience are not as strong as the first time you watch it.
That which he felt even stronger, was a flurry of negative emotions, namely sympathy towards them for putting on such a brave face, guilt for leaving them as is despite knowing that, and a feeling of revulsion towards “Subaru” who’d probably continued to do such.
It was no wonder that Subaru bore a dark expression on his face coupled with a taciturn attitude – even though they had thought that was him remaining calm. In any case –
[Subaru: I am happy that things have settled down. I was the type of kid who’d always get “He never settles down” written down in his report card.]
[Echidna: Reeport caaard, I don’t really understand that that means… is that something of the ‘parallel world’?]
[Subaru: Yeah.]
Narrowing his eyes, Subaru nods his head at Echidna’s question. The way he answered the question about the meaning of “Parallel World” did not change again. He explained how he was summoned to this different world and found himself in this place. And the same understanding came from Emilia, Echidna and the others who concluded that he originated from beyond『The Great Waterfall.』
Perhaps, even if he could not fully reproduce the events of his precognitive dreams, events that hold some sense of importance would still be realized with some slight changes to them. It’s something typically found in Subaru’s future prediction line of games and manga.
Though the response to a sudden situation may change, what you decide to do doesn’t disappear so easily. A person who has decided to ask someone out on a date goes and asks the person out in a completely different way than before, where there now are some notable obstacles in the way – that is the feeling he is getting from this. In other words, Echidna was going to ask about the different world, regardless of whether he had lost his memories.
[Subaru: Even though I didn’t explain it up till now, was I still careless in mentioning the word ‘Parallel World’ … I don’t even know what to think anymore.]
Due to the nature of his precognitive dreams, confiding his ability was difficult, and rather than that, it was incredibly strange that he hadn’t talked about the different world. It was almost like he’d just given up, deeming it pointless to confide it.
As if he were afraid to.
[Echidna: After all, it’s odd that you sound the least confused amongst us. We are all growing uneasy here, thinking we must do something about it.]
[Subaru: Maybe this is what they mean when they all talk about everyone being in a panic, but the person in question instead grows calm. Even I’m nervous, thinking we oughta do something about it. So rest assured there.]
[Emilia: I feel like we can’t feel relieved with that at all…]
Both Echidna and Subaru shrug their shoulders at each other. Emilia’s looked quite dispirited as she spoke those words, the mood was somehow still hitting rock bottom.
After all, Subaru’s attitude was growing. He had tried to mimic his precognitive dream as much as possible; however, how attempts at mimicking his attitude had been quite poor. It was very difficult to imitate the confused self he had seen in his dream. So, before he spouts out additional nonsense –
[Subaru: Anyways, I understand the situation we are in. I know that there’s a lot of confusion, but let’s overcome it together. Let’s do something about it.]
Clapping his hands together, Subaru tried to progress the conversation ahead. Beatrice nodded in response, and as if obeying the precognitive dream, she said:
[Beatrice: You will want to check the『Taygeta』library, I suppose.]

※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
[Shaula: Ueeeh~]
With a loose-lipped smile, the glamorous, beautiful woman let out a shriek. If she would just straighten herself out and start to look more dignified her beauty would surely captivate the hearts of many men. Her face relaxed though, as she tried to snuggle into Subaru.
[Shaula: Master, Master. I’m haaappyyy~. I swear I’ll make you haaappyyy!]
[Subaru: Hey, don’t say that. Don’t hug my arm. You’re frighteningly soft!]
[Shaula: Ah! I just wanna have it so those means parts to you are smushed you know.]
Subaru continued to push her away by her forehead whilst Shaula tried to desperately cling onto his arms. In all honesty, being clung onto by a beautiful woman who from the start took on a tempting appearance, was a sense of distance that he wanted to restrain himself from, both in terms of Subaru’s strength as a human, and as a boy.
Subaru and the others had arrived now at the 3rd floor of the watchtower, where the『Taygeta』 library was. As it had been in his dream, they would search the library in an attempt to find out how Subaru had lost his memories, and if possible, get them back.
However Subaru knows that their search will be ineffective, and that they will bring back no results. It was going to be an irritating time for him now, since he was not allowed to participate in the search. Though to him, it looked like Shaula was acting way too over-familiar than his dream had shown –
[Shaula: After all, Master, you chose us over that chibi-ko, didn’t youuuu?]
[Subaru: It’s not like I specifically chose it! Due to what’s happening, I couldn’t help but be stuck with you!]
Shaula spoke this with a ditzy expression,talking about their approach to『Taygeta.』
Although the distance to the library was not long, Subaru had arranged it so that he wouldn’t have to hold hands with Emilia and Beatrice.
His intention behind it had been out of pangs of conscience towards Beatrice and Emilia.
Given that he knew what was going to happen thanks to his precognitive dream, he didn’t reveal the fact that it was probably going to be a waste of time, and putting it like that, with a birds eye view of the situations, Subaru treat the two girls like so.
Therefore, he was now sitting next to the air-headed Shaula whilst waiting for the party to finish searching『Taygeta.』
[Shaula: Finally, Master recognized how charming and attractive I am! I had to wait 400 years for this! I’m so happy, I’m so happy! I will give you such a passionate kiiiisss!]
[Subaru: That’s not what I was implying! That’s scary! Really, stop it!]
Shaula was pressing her body down onto his; Subaru tried desperately to push her off, but she had unusual strength, and thus he found himself pinned against a wall. This wasn’t even a kabe-don, it was a kabe-gowaa! That’s how intense it was!
And, just before the virginity of Subaru’s lips, which had never experienced the love of a woman, was forcefully taken away –
[Meili: Hey, hey, onii-san seems to dislike this. Quit fooling about.]
[Shaula: Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow!]
It had been Meili who had dragged Shaula off him by pulling her back by her ponytail.
Shaula twisted her neck, took back her ponytail from her, and carefully cradled her long, black hair against her chest.
[Shaula: What did you do to my hair!? What did you do to my precious hair, you horrible little giiirl!]
[Meili: I don’t want my silver haired onee-san or Beatrice-chan to be angry. I was keeping watch to make sure that my half-naked onee-san didn’t do anything bad to my onii-san.]
[Shaula: Grrrrr! So annoying! Master, please do somethiiiing!]
[Subaru: Shaula, don’t you dare come within two metres of me. You’re scary.]
[Shaula: Master’s such an idioooooot.]
Shaula turned her back from Subaru, feigning a break down to tears.
Subaru scratched his cheeks in confusion as he looked on at her exposed back, then he turns around to face Meili who was holding her hands behind her back.
[Subaru: Ah, you were a great help… now that’s a strange thing to say to a killer.]
[Meili: Don’t worry. This killer has gone out of business, now I do what onii-san, onee-san and her friends tell me. Onii-san and the others can make good use of me, like when I help out with the wicked animals.]
[Subaru: ……………………………]
She spoke with no malice or ulterior motive, that’s why Subaru didn’t react to her words. Meili did not seem to be especially affected by any particular pangs of conscience as she spoke. Those were difference between the values of his world and this one.
[Meili: ………………………………]
She said nothing in response to Subaru’s silence. She just looked at him silently with an unfathomable expression on her face. Meili now turned to gaze indifferently at the direction which Emilia was searching the library. The girl was quite short, had a youthful face, her arms and legs were still tiny, and there was still quite a way to go before she reached womanhood. In the end, she was still a child. It was unbearable to him that she held such broken values about herself.
[Subaru: Maybe, even in you, there’s still plenty we can rely on, so I’m counting on you!]
[Meili: …? Eh, so this is what you’re saying? “Make good use of me”.]
[Subaru: No, not use. Rely. We’re not tools that can be just used, think of it like a… friendship?]
[Meili: … Hmmph.]
For a second Meili had regarded Subaru’s words in shock. Though it had only been for a fleeting moment, she had quickly averted her eyes afterwards. Subaru was relieved that she had not reacted in discomfort; rather it had seemed like a faint glimmer of comfort had flitted across her face. Even if within her heart she held broken values about herself, it didn’t mean that everything she could feel would end up being out of sync from that which Subaru knew.
The fact that they both could compromise about these unknown circumstances made Subaru feel a little bit better.
[Meili: … Onii-san really doesn’t remember anything, right?]
[Subaru: Yup? Unfortunately. Was something on your mind?]
He had unexpectedly shaken something about his memories from Meili. Subaru tried to ask her what she had meant by it. Hearing his question, Meili just put her fingers to her lips and gave a very sweet smile: “Oh yeaah.”
[Meili: Petra-chan would cry if she heard it.]
[Subaru: Ugh… I don’t even know who that is.]
[Meili: Petra-chan is a girl that love’s Onii-san. She was worried about you going all the way out here; It felt almost like I could hear her say “Look, I knew it”.]
[Subaru: God damn that me from yesterday, what thoughtless things he did…]
Subaru looked on bitterly, thinking in distress about this young girl, Petra that he had not yet seen. How much would he end up learning about the footprints that the “Subaru” unknown to him had left?
[Meili: Really, I honestly think that my opinion of Onii-san from yesterday is that he was quite careless as well.]
Meili was stretching as she said this, ignoring the turmoil she had left in Subaru’s heart. In his mind it had sounded like what she had said had been accompanied by a very strange emotion.
In any case, Emilia and the others would come back before he could quickly confirm it. If they had found no clues, it would only reinforce how accurate his predictive dream had been.

※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
Since the search of『Taygeta』ended with no success, they would now prepare to go up to the second floor.
Ultimately, from now on the scope of the precognitive dreams would stop around about here – Subaru had until now not doubted the accuracy in his future prediction ability at all.
The events had transitioned just as Subaru had experienced them before. If any issues were to occur at this point, he would not be able to respond by using his knowledge of the future that his precognitive dreams had shown.
[Subaru: I am able to predict the future, isn’t it insane that I managed to confirm it?]
However, it was also strange. In the first place, Subaru didn’t know how what conditions were needed to activate his precognitive dreams. If he fell asleep, would it activate, or did it need some sort of trigger – or was it just completely random? It would be unlikely that there would be time to find a place to sleep due to the urgency of the current situation. However, he wanted to depend on the power of his foresight – certainly, he would need to find out more details about this. He would need to investigate thoroughly what he could do with his foresight.
[Subaru: For now, just as in my dream, I managed to force Beatrice to leave me alone, but…]
Subaru had asked Beatrice to leave him alone as he tried out via trial and error the transformation poses. It had seemed that Beatrice had been trying to remain more attached to him than he had seen in his dreams. That was probably as a consequence of being around her less than he had been in his dreams, such as on the way to『Taygeta.』In any case he had a reason for being alone.
[Subaru: I have to find out why I woke up and what happened to me just before I woke up.]
It may be that he just happened to wake up normally. However, it could also be that there was something within his dream that had caused him to wake up. Something like encountering a horrible experience, or a painful one.
[Subaru: I’m a little freaked out right now… what if I start to have precognitive dreams-ception; it’s spooky, it’s like as if I was dreaming of being a butterfly.]3
Dreaming of being a butterfly is the situation where you dream of physically being a butterfly, but when you awake you aren’t really sure whether you are a butterfly dreaming of being a person, or a person having dreamt of being a butterfly. It felt like it would become a vicious, never-ending loop, like a self-fulfilling prophecy that would drive the footholds of his own self to a corner of uncertainty, as something unreliable.
[Subaru: … in order to avoid this, I need to go past where my dream ended. If I can do that, then I should be able to tell Emilia and the others about my precognitive dreams.]
The “Subaru” before losing his memories had unfortunately avoided confiding his ability to Emilia and the others. However, Subaru now was anxious to change this situation and confide to everyone what he could do.
He didn’t know what would become, if he were to do such a careless thing, frightened by this anxiety, he didn’t want to bring a situation about where he’d delay it now.
[Subaru … I have decided.]
Looking back to re-evaluate his position, Subaru had finally decided that he would tell them about his precognitive dreams. Nonetheless, what was coming up ahead was an unknown to him. After the point at which Beatrice had left, his memories including those of having performed the transformation poses were quite fuzzy. Therefore, showing proof that he could experience precognitive dreams would be quite difficult to do. In addition he didn’t know how to activate them. He would need them to cooperate with him when he tried to explain his ability.
If he could master his dreams, it would become an extremely powerful weapon at his disposal. Or perhaps it was a necessary weapon that would allow them to conquer the Pleiades Watchtower. With these thoughts in mind –
[?: – As for Natsuki-kun, is it not dangerous for him to accompany us in the crazed state he’s in right now?]
[*In the distance*: ………………………]
Having arrived in front of the hall, in an attempt to join everyone, Subaru held his breath at hearing those words.
The intelligent voice he had heard was Echidna’s. For some reason in in his mind, Subaru had hesitated to announce his presence, and had decided to hide behind the wall. The conversation in the hall continued.
[Emilia: Echidna, what do you mean by dangerous?]
[Echidna: There’s nothing else to say right? Considering the state he’s in right now, it’s certain he has lost his memories. However what he said afterwards was truly crazed. The way he explained the term “Parallel World” is proof.]
[Emilia: Parallel… world…]
[Julius: You don’t truly believe he came from beyond the Great Waterfall?]
Julius and Emilia seemed shocked at hearing Echidna’s words. Subaru’s heart lurched, what did Echidna’s remarks mean now? He wanted to jump out from his hiding spot and ask her, but for now he would suppress that emotion. Even if Subaru didn’t ask, surely someone else would –
[Ram: It was certainly an absurd explanation.]
[Emilia: Ram…, you too doubt what Subaru said?]
Emilia reacted in surprise at Ram’s cold, indifferent tone. In response to her question, Ram said: “Emilia-sama”
[Ram: It’s not like I doubt Barusu’s argument from the start. Indeed, Barusu’s knowledge, behaviour and strange customs are things which are unknown to us. It is clear that he may indeed come from a place which none of us here know about.]
[Emilia: Well, in that case–]
[Ram: But, where he came from, it’s limited to this world. I am sure being from beyond the Great Waterfall could be tailored to mean Barusu’s term: “Parallel World”, but I can’t believe the existence of such a place… there is no reason to believe him now at all anymore.]
[Emilia: Ram…]
Emilia’s voice faintly trailed away as she heard Ram’s explanation, which felt like she was enduring bitterness in it. But, there was no reply; Emilia quietly cleared her throat,
[Emilia: I believe in Subaru, Beatrice too, so, please, please, try to believe what Subaru said.]
[Julius: … Emilia-sama, Echidna is not suggesting that Subaru is trying to deceive us on purpose. She is just saying that he’s in a terrible state of confusion.]
[Beatrice: In that statement, you still agree with that spirit, I suppose!?]
Julius tries to rationally explain their thoughts to Emilia. However, Beatrice was having none of it, as she was intent on remaining on Subaru’s side in this matter. Her temper had flared considerably. At that moment, an unnerving silence had fallen within the room; Subaru’s forehead had started to sweat.
[Shaula: Heeeey, it’s best if you all quit fighting and settle dooown. Even if y’all are at each other’s throats arguing here, right now, Master’s not here, so no way he’s gonna be pleased.]
[Meili: I don’t think it’s quite a discussion on that scale yet… but, what yeah, right.]
He heard the voices of Shaula and Meili, who were still seemed to be bystanders. Laughing rather superciliously for a short while, Meili continued her speech with: “Going crazy,”
[Meili: Why don’t you ask Onii-san directly? Onii-san, are you going crazy?]
[Subaru: ………………hk]
Subaru gritted his teeth to those venomous words. He had remained surprisingly calm when he had stood against the wall; he carefully left the room without making any footsteps.
[“………………………………..”]
After putting some distance between them, his prudent footsteps quickened in pace, which then turned into a run. Then, arriving at a passageway where no one was present, he pressed his forehead against the wall.
[Subaru Damn it…]
Not knowing what he should say to whom, Subaru struck the wall, letting out the feelings that were smouldering inside him. The discussion that had taken place in Subaru’s absence was an unexpected shock to him. He wasn’t conceited enough to think that he had gained their full confidence. Rather, he could safely say that such a point hadn’t been in his thoughts.
Subaru had thought that trust was such a basic pre-principle. Emilia and Beatrice had been too kind and thoughtful towards Subaru. Whilst insisting to himself that it had felt far too uncomfortable, he had tricked himself into believing that it was true. There was no doubt that being from a different place would have helped them conquer from the tower.
With the handicap of losing his memories and his calm and collected thoughts, he had lost all his usefulness. Looking at it objectively, he realized just how shameless he was. What was trust in this tower in the desert? He himself couldn’t understand it much. He wondered if he could ever handle what “Natsuki Subaru” had gained.
[Subaru: In this state, it’s no use telling them about my precognitive dreams.]
The fact that they believed in his memory loss was proof of these people’s virtue. At the same time however, they were sensible people who did not believe in a “Different World”. Therefore, he didn’t even have to think about what response an explanation of his precognitive dreams would provoke.
[Subaru: From the start, I bungled it up…]
Messed up, he had messed up.
In the meanwhile, how would Subaru overturn their evaluations of him, showing that he could be dependable at this point. What was sought now, what was needed now was “Natsuki Subaru”. Not Natsuki Subaru.
Was it alright if he feigned ignorance and went back down to them? Also, in a state which he didn’t know what kind of exchange had taken place, would it be okay if he shamelessly joined the capture of the second floor? Or would Emilia and Beatrice veto that, and have him left behind.
And who would be keeping an eye on him there.
At least he’d like to hope for Shaula or Meili, given that conversation with them was no issue.
[Subaru: …Fuck, I’m such an idiot.]
Whilst saying those words out loud, Subaru abruptly came out of the passageway he was walking through. He had come across the great spiral staircase which connected the fourth floor to the floors below – a gaping hole stretched out from the middle of the watchtower to its lower half. It was truly colossal.
[Subaru: Spiral, staircase…]
Suddenly, laying his eyes on that scene, Subaru started to ponder. Including his dreams, this was his second time he had come here. Both in dream and reality, Emilia and everyone else had guided the amnesiac Subaru around the tower. So, recognizing this place was not a mistake, but―
[Subaru: No, apart than that, I feel something strange…]
Goosebumps coursed down his body, he felt the hairs on his back stand on end. The blood in his whole body felt cold, and the ringing in his ears was awfully loud. His heartbeat had accelerated, his breathing became rough and his knees began trembling for whatever reason. His teeth had begun making an uncontrollable chattering noise. Subaru became aware of these abnormalities.
However, they were not caused due to any changes in temperature or any external causes. This abnormality, this unusual phenomenon, had been caused by Subaru’s own body. To say more about it, the influence on his body was as if it was Subaru’s spirit or something from a deeper place –
[Subaru: – ah.]
With a faint tap, Subaru felt a slight impact just as he was stepping forward.
―No, it couldn’t be said that he stepped forward.
To step forward is a term which presumes there is some solid ground which can be stepped on.
Stepping ahead, his leg had come out.
And his foot had scratched the air.
And so he,
[Subaru: A
ICANRETURA
NBYDEATHHEA
LPMEPATLASHMA
YFRIEND.ALSOEMILA
IAIWANTTOCONFESSTA
HATIMGAY.ANYWAYSIFYA
OUAREREADINGTHISTHENA
ITSJUSTAJOKE.AWAYFORMETA
OFORMATTHISSTUPIDLINEONNA
WORDPRESS.ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ-!?]
Falling, falling— he was plummeting.
His whole body was overwhelmed by a feeling of weightlessness; he was falling down mid-air, losing sight of what was up or down. A tremendous gust of wind was hitting his eardrums. Subaru understood what was happening. He was falling.
No, there had been a light impact back then. But, that didn’t necessarily indicate that he’d fallen.
He’d been pushed dow-
[Subaru: “AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA –!!”]
Screaming his lungs out, Subaru desperately stretched out his hands— searching for somewhere, anywhere to hold on to. There was nothing. There was nowhere he could hold on to. The world around him was spinning around so much, that he couldn’t comprehend the world around him.
A desperate feeling of wanting to vomit overpowers him as all the contents of his body are pulled from bottom to top. Chunks of yellow vomit overflows from his mouth, spilling out right into the air around him.
This sensation… he remembered it. In the midst of his pain and vomiting, the memories that had once been ambiguous had suddenly sharpened.
Yes, yes, that was it. Before he had woken up, the end of his precognitive dream, Subaru had been experiencing the same thing.
He had fallen, lamented his futile situation, and then he had lost consciousness. And after that, he had woken up from his precognitive dream and found himself in the Green Room –
Suddenly, Subaru experiences a great impact on the right side of his body, shattering his bones into pieces.
[*CRACK*]
The sound of something breaking filled the air, his right side felt like it had been hit by lightning – Subaru’s cries were silenced. And, right after, even if a bit belated, a severe pain coursed through his body.
[Subaru: GYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!]
His right arm was sticking out at an odd angle, completely broken from the elbow with the bone protruding out from his skin. He was covered in blood, his jacket was torn, and he could see his own pinkish muscles and white bone from underneath his torn skin.
He crashed. Subaru’s body crashed against the spiral staircase whilst he fell down towards the bottom. As it is now, his uncontrolled spiralling descent would end up destroying Subaru’s body, and still he didn’t stop.
No,  it was far worse.
[Subaru: GHA! GHHH! GHHUU!]
His body that had tumbled downwards and had struck one of the lower steps of the spiral staircase, spraying blood everywhere. It was bad luck that his head hit the next step. His forehead cracked. He felt as if things were spilling out from the insides of his skull.
Instantly, he lost consciousness – where it seemed like it had all ended, his body collided with another step, and the pain from his broken right arm woke him up as his body continued to lose its shape.
[Subaru: AHHHHHHHHHH!!! GYAAAAAA!!]
It hurts, it hurts, it hurts, it hurts, it hurts, it hurts, it hurts, it hurts, it hurts, it hurts, it hurts, it hurts.
Pain, anguish, vomiting, burning, Natsuki Subaru was being shattered into small pieces.
Arms, feet, face, every part of him was thrown and scraped against the stone staircase, broken, crushed, making it so he no longer resembled a person. No longer a person, into something that no longer was “Natsuki Subaru”.
– Memories are what shape people.
Subaru: [*Blurb*]
Whilst a spattering out a vast amount of blood, Subaru suddenly heard this voice.
Who had said such a silly thing, saying it like they understood him? But, it was a good thing to say. Memories are what shape people.
It was a good saying.
If so, what the hell does that make someone who’s lost his memories, and is no longer who he once was?
[Subaru: …………………………]
Blood was spewing out of his mouth; quite literally, a scream that spewed blood, his throat was completely crushed. Natsuki Subaru was falling apart, crumbling away until he reached the distant, distant ground.
There is no waking up from this dream. Natsuki Subaru had failed.
There would be no more second chances to try again. The end dew near.
Slowly, darkness, darkness… the world around him was being dyed black.
– Who are you.
And finally, after all of his anguish and hot blood, Natsuki Subaru’s crumbled out of existence.

※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※


Chapter 40
Repeatedly, over and over, a scorching heat filled his very being.
His skull, his limbs, his torso, his organs, his flesh and blood. Every single thing in his body was crushed, smashed, twisted and broken. His mind was set alight by the anguish, it was as if every single one of his nerve-endings were being plucked right now, his soul on fire, burning away. The screams he let out were racked with unimaginable fever and a sense of loss.
Pain, pain, pain, pain, pain, pain pain pain pain pain pain pain painpainpainpainpainpainpainpain. He is in pain.
There was only pain. There was just pain. The world around him was filled with pain. Even just thinking this caused more pain to cloud over him.
His thoughts, his very existence were painted with pain. Anxiety, confusion, nervousness, sorrow, anger, despair, all of these emotions were meaningless in front of pain.
They were meaningless, yes, they were meaningless.
Thoughts, actions, pondering, opinions, hopes, memories – they were all equally meaningless. When it came to those things which were the very embodiment of worthlessness, what was there to value when they were crushed, smashed and lost in the end?
Only the endless pain inscribed within his soul makes him aware of his existence. Then suddenly, the never ending pain… started to fade…
[Subaru: AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!!]
He woke up screaming. Right now, even the fact that his screaming throat had been crushed, drowned amidst welling blood, was naught but a memory.
[Subaru: AAAAAAAAAAAAH!! AHHHHHHHHH!!]
Whilst shouting, he tried to protect his body from being crushed using his arms and legs. His arms should be broken, completely unusable – yet they moved. Although they moved, he lost his balance as his body was still overwhelmed by the sensation of weightlessness and he fell and hit the floor.
[Subaru: ……………………………gh]
He tried to speak, yet nothing resembling speech came out. He rolled onto the floor. The feeling of the floor was strange; he felt a sensation which was like that one of a rope against his body. He opened his throat, which was screaming for oxygen, and immediately felt a pungent pain strike it, resulting in a coughing fit. Unable to bear it, he vomited. His stomach had been mostly empty. Foul smelling watery chunks of vomit were spewed out of his acrid mouth onto the floor.
[Subaru: Blurgh, Bgh! Gh, ghrgh! Gbruuuugh!]
Coughing violently, and spitting out a bit of bile, tears and snot caked his crumpled face. Cowering and covering his face, he feebly smacked his forehead against the floor over and over again. Repeating this motion, he finally noticed it.
… That overwhelming pain which he had suffered as his body had been crushed had vanished.
[Subaru: … ah?]
He had been surprised by how suddenly his pain had vanished, that he hadn’t until now realised that someone was gently patting his back.
[???: Is everything better now?]
Reflected in his tear-encrusted eyes he could see the person who had been patting his back. Even with his blurry vision, the image of the girl was quite vivid despite his blurry vision; she had beautiful silver hair and amethyst eyes – on her face was an expression of worry whilst she patted his back. Subaru let out a wheeze.
[???: Suba…]
[Subaru: AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!]
He twisted his body and shook off the pale hand that had been touching his back. As he did so, a trace of surprise flitted across the girl’s eyes who had until then been patting him. But the one here whose soul had been more seriously damaged was him.
His back. She had been touching his back.
Now and before, someone had touched his back, and after that… agony…
[Subaru: Ah-]
He jumped back, in an attempt to escape her – he felt the hair on his back standing on end. However, his legs crumpled beneath him and he fell flat on his backside. As he fell, his blow was softened by a rough, black presence underneath him.
[Subaru: ………………………]
Looking down, he saw the eyes of the reptilian creature staring back at him as he reacted in fright. Looking at its sharp, long fangs that lined up its mouth, he suddenly realized that they could easily be used as a weapon to chew him up.
[Subaru: AHHHHHHHHH!!]
Again, he screamed. He tried to escape forward this time. In front of his eyes now, he could see someone’s leg; he didn’t dare to look up and instead pushed away the small silhouette blocking his way.
[???: Beatrice!]
With a high-pitched shrill, her chiming silver bell voice frantically cried out something, but the meaning did not reach him as he covered his ears up. Immediately, he headed towards the gap which lay in between the foliage of the room. With his legs shaking, he leapt out of the room. Stepping into the stone passageway and without stopping his body crashed into the stone wall. Stopped in his tracks, pain coursed through him. His sight was dyed red, in his mind he imagined an echo of his bones breaking.
[Subaru: Aaaah–]
His bumped right arm moved as normal. He pounded at the wall to check whether it really did move as normal. He felt pain again. He screamed again. Steadying himself against the wall, he broke out into a tottering run.
[Subaru: Ha… hff… *puff*… *pant*]
He was out of breath, drooling from his mouth, with sweat dripping from his forehead – he continued running down the passageway as fast as he could. Behind, he felt as if someone was following him, and many times he resisted the urge to look behind him. If he had looked back, and decided that someone was following him, it would have been too much to keep a check on his heart that felt like it was about to burst.
He felt as if his heart is about to rupture, as if the blood within his body was rotting, and as if his body was about to shatter from its feet, like a glass sculpture. Whether it was a premonition or the truth, there is one thing that was clear – the absolute, unwavering fact that if this went on, he would die.
People are born to be ruined. Every second you grow older, every second you head towards eventual death, every second you fall towards the end. Though, he wasn’t applying this metaphorical meaning of “Death” to himself right now. “Death” was approaching him with a steady gait. Cornering the unsightly, shameful him, who was struggling to flee, as if making sport of it.
He ran, he ran away. He ran away anyway. “Death” was following him. He would be killed. He would be killed. At this rate, he would be killed. Although he had already been killed, he was going to be killed again. Or, given such sheer agony, could it be possible to not die from it? Was that a mystery of life? That’s rather sickening.
Embellishing it as “mystery” was rather disproportionate. It was a repulsive, unseemly attachment.
Rather, shouldn’t he be dead…?
[*HK*]
The beating of his heart felt like an explosion that shook his eardrums; his sight was flickering on and off. Even how he breathed resembled how a baby would take its first breaths. It was completely absurd how he looked like when escaping from his fear of death. Yet, as comical as it is, there was no laughter. Everything to him was something that would cause him fear.
[*All around him*: ………………………]
Almost to the point he was losing track of where he was running through, all of the stone passageways he had been going through looked the same to him. If there was one thing he understood, it was that he should not go back from where he came from. Though, if he continued to escape in this directionless fashion he would gradually lose his way. If he lost his way, someone would catch him. If someone were to catch him, he would lose his life. Why, why his life? Such a question now was useless.
He had no time to wonder whether to go towards the left or towards the right. Whilst escaping from “Death” which may catch up even at this very moment, he placed his right hand on the wall, relying on it, as he frantically panted for air, completely out of breath.
It felt like he was drowning. It’s as if he was struggling to break above the water’s surface even though here on the ground there is no water anywhere.
Drowning, drowning, struggling as he drowns, heading towards the water’s surface, kicking and struggling, kicking and struggling, kicking and struggling, floundering, floundering, floundering, before finally –
[???: YOU, the hell you doin’ here so early in the morning, OY!]
[Subaru: ……………………………………………]
He felt his feet stop as he sensed a monstrously huge presence right in front of his eyes… No, his feet weren’t the only thing that had stopped.
His breathing had stopped, his noisy heartbeat had stopped, and his knees which had been trembling with fear and fatigue had stopped. It felt like all of his vital signs had stopped, grasped by the scruff of the neck.
–– Before his eyes there stood a giant-like being, an illusion like that. But after a few seconds, he slowly began to understand, that even though he was tall there was no chance that the person upon the stage had the constitution that transcended what humans could have. At the same time, the fact remained that there was a human being who could clad himself in such a ferocious, demonic aura.
[???: A person all alone? Yer just a lone small fry that’s not even worth talking to. Small fry, so instead of person, should I go with critter? Even as a critter, yer not even worth considering. Go fetch those people ya were with yesterday, and that sexy girl. Are you listening, hey! You, OY, YOU.]
The figure that was standing still in front of him was rambling on. He showed the signs of being an extremely violent person, and his manner of speaking felt really vulgar, as if each word was being beaten into him.
His breathing which had stopped before, as well as his silenced heartbeat and his trembling knees suddenly started up again.
–– He had entered inside of the ferocious beast’s cage, the very place where he mustn’t tread.
He had just kept running and running for his life.
He had ran along the stone corridors and tried to keep away from any places he had found familiar. He had followed a stairway which he had found within a strange room which had led him upstairs. Maybe he had been told about the staircase yesterday, or was it something like yesterday, maybe some few hours ago? It was all but lost to the oblivion of his memory.
He went up the long, long, long, long, incredibly long stairway, short of breath, up he went, and then… Then, when he reached the end he had found himself being glared at by a most terrible beast.
[???: Are ya even listening to me?]
[Subaru: …………hh–]
Suddenly, his breath was knocked out of him and just before his eyes he noticed he was looking right at the other person’s face. He had long, red hair, with a black eye patch covering his left eye. He wore a kimono that exposed one of his shoulders and part of his chest. White linen cloths were wrapped around his exposed chest. Just underneath his nose, this man was jabbing at him a thin, wooden stick. Though the tip of it wasn’t at all sharp, yet he still perceived what was thrusted before him as “Death” too.
[Subaru: ………….hk]
[???: Hey, don’t ya fucking ignore me.]
[Subaru: Wha, ah, eh?]
Without hesitating, he had obeyed his instincts and had tried to escape him. But the moment he had tried to run back out of the room, he had crashed straight into the man’s chest. The man had then pushed him down using his wooden stick, causing him to fall down. The back of his head bumped against the floor, bright flashes flew around his vision. Tears of pain started to flow out of his eyes. The pain of bumping against the floor, the pain of his head banging against the floor… it reminded him of the pain of being crushed.
[Subaru: aa, aaa, aaaaaaaaah…]
[???: OYOY, c’mon are ya crying? Why’d ya start crying? Did you fight with yer boyfriend downstairs? Are ya crying ’cause I talked you down?]
[Subaru: Gh…hh…uuuuu!]
[???: Good grief, what a hopeless bastard, OY!]
Whilst lying flat on his back, tears had started to pour out of his eyes as he slowly relived the horror he had experienced. Looking at this spectacle, the long haired man roughly scratched his head. He crouched down beside his head, and,
[???: C’mon, tell me what happened. If you’d like to ask somethin’, then I’m all ears.]
[Subaru: … uh, ah?]
[???: You ran all the way to this place. Must be a real big deal, ya prick.]
He spoke those words with a sigh. The meaning of them was incomprehensible to him, and he simply reacted by blinking rapidly. Just then, he felt like the being who’d seemed vicious beyond compare slowly took on a more definite outline. Not only did it take on the shape of a person, but the emotions of a person and quintessence, began to tie together an actual image.
In his vision blurred by tears, the face of the man looking down in his direction gradually became clearer―
[???: No matter what ya say, yer a fool!]
[Subaru: Gh- gha- aaaaAAAAAA!?]
–– With a cruel appearance, reminiscent of a bloodthirsty shark, the man had shoved the wooden stick right into his chest. He had slid in between his ribs the pointed end of the stick. He poked around and tickled the delicate internal organs behind his bones as if he was making sport of it. Sheer agony pierced his entire body, making him feel like wanting to vomit up blood.
[???: The fuck you doin’ runnin’ away ya prick!? Even worse, what were ya tryna to pull, if before ya made a leg for it, ya came to me, ya prick. I ain’t your guardian, nor yer mate, ya prick. Aren’t ya the one choosin’ who to flock with, ya prick. Do you want to fucking die?]
[Subaru: Gh… Gah… Aaagh… Gghhhgya]
[???: Don’t reckon we have the sort of relationship where we get along by talking to each other, ya prick. If things would end up hunky dory with that, then it’s not like I’d have been called to this place from square one. Come at me like ya feel like killin’ me. I’ll play about with ya. Finally.]
With evident irritation and hostility, the degree of his anger increased with every word he said. The hands of the man that was fiddling with his organs had a certain delicateness to them, and boasted exceptional precision. He had been taught the importance and value of his organs with sharp, unbearable pain, so he well understood that.
If the man had been someone who was on edge and had the tendency to let his emotions get the best of him, or if his arms had been something other than precise and gentle, his guts would’ve exploded a long time ago.
That it hadn’t ended up becoming like so, was down to the man’s awful talent.
His overwhelming resourcefulness as one who oppressed, being extremely blessed with violence, along with the talent necessary to exert it.
It was only thanks to that, that this act of barbarism was able to be carried out so properly.
––No. This place differed so much compared to the place he knew about.
[???: Beat it small fry.]
[Subaru: GH–]
The poking sensation in his guts faded away, and was quickly followed by the man’s foot violently kicking his side. Rather than having kicked him with the side of his foot, he had punted him like as if he was a football. His body spins and tumbles around mid-air, and emerged out of the large room he had been in. However, what was welcoming him as he was flying out of the room was…
[Subaru: NO WAAAAAaaaay……]
He was tumbling down the stairs. Seeing that scene in his mind, he instinctively dug his nails into the floor. With a terrible screeching noise, the nails of his right hand, belonging to his middle and ring fingers were torn off their root. The nerves behind them became exposed and red blood wet the floor, but somehow he managed to stop himself from falling down.
[Subaru: GH, GHHHHH…..!]
Immediately following the brief moment of relief, as he somehow escaped the fall, he was assaulted by a sensation of scorching heat at the base of his nails. When he looked at the hand with the sharp pain, he saw his fingernails torn off like the open lid of a box; the nail on his little finger was also coming loose as well. Seeing this pain spurred his brain into overdrive.
[Subaru: It hurts… it hurts, it hurts, it hurts…]
Grasping his left hand with his right one, whose nails had been torn off, he applied pressure to ease the pain, even if a little. Coming in drops, the blood flowing from his wounds flowed down his wrists, and left behind a trail of blood on the stairs as he stood himself up.
There was no courage in him to look back behind him anymore. There was no sign that this ferocious beast, was turning its attention over to him. If, to say, he had caught even a glimpse of it, he would have fallen down the stairs this time for sure, unable to put up with it.
He had stopped himself from experiencing the worst situation, but had now settled into the second worst case. So, what was he going do to do now?
[Subaru: Wh…y?]
Why was he in a place like this?
He’d forgotten how to flee, , his heartbeat engulfed by dread and paralysed, and finally, his mind had turned to the wonders and nonsense of why he was here.
Though he should have been smashed up, he was here. Though he should have been engulfed by scorching heat and vanished, he was still here.
It would have been nice if everything had been a dream or an illusion or the likes of that.
[Subaru: Precognitive… dreams…]
He had assumed that was what he had been experiencing. The spectacle he had seen, the people that he had talked to, the conversations that had proceeded exactly as he remembered them, the events that should have occurred… because they had seen them with his very own eyes.
Thus he’d thought, that he’d try and straighten out a theory as to why it had occurred in his own way.
For sure, in some respects, he’d even thought about it with such vagueness, as if it were none of his business, as if it were no skin off his nose.
He hadn’t known that the way he would be rewarded for such impudence and shallow thinking would have been experiencing such intense pain.
[Subaru: ………………]
Noticing that he had crouched down on the spot, he could see drops of blood dripping down from him and soaking the stone staircase beneath him with a hue of red.
A feeling of wasted effort, a feeling of loss, a feeling of dismay… generally speaking, a lot of negative thoughts were spinning around his head. Even if he investigated the conclusions which were spinning around in his head, he would find that they would all result in the same thought – He didn’t know why he had experienced such things.
[Subaru: ………………]
Just a few hours ago, he was comfortably living his boring daily life. There was no danger there, at the worst, he was worrying about his future. There was no one around threatening him, nothing to actually be taken seriously.
–– He had just been in a place where he at most he only needed to face down at his mother and father’s gaze.
Was that so wrong, he wondered.
He had continued to be an inconvenience to his mother and father. He had continued to disappoint them. He hadn’t been a good son. And thus, he had tasted the pain of death. Nevertheless he had been driven to a situation now in which he hadn’t died. The nails which had been peeled off were hurting him, he had been tortured by a strange man, he had been left all alone on this stairway… was he crying?
In retrospect, if he had thought about it… He would have done it more properly.
[Subaru: … I should have at least said “See you later.”]
It had been a life full of regret. Everything had gone wrong, resulting in only failure. If he thought back on it, the things he wanted to redo had once seemed impossible to have been done with his own hands and feet. For the first time it had occurred to him that…
—When I left home, I heard mom’s voice saying “Take care” and I didn’t reply to it. Why?
—Because I didn’t wash the cups left in the kitchen sink.
[Subaru: Gh, ff…]
I didn’t wash the cups. I didn’t care to wash the brown stains that were stuck to them after drinking that hot cocoa. If I’d responded to mom’s voice, if I’d started a conversation with her, I might’ve been told to wash those cups.
I ignored my mom’s words because I didn’t want to wash the cups. I didn’t say anything. I left the house without saying anything and went to the convenience store and spent money that I did not earn. Then I noticed that I had ended up here.
I didn’t say anything to mom or dad, I didn’t wash the cups, and then I ended up here.
Without washing the cups, without even saying a word to my kind-hearted mother, I may die in this place. I will die, having always caused trouble, without giving anything back, without even washing some cups.
Die, I’ll die. I will die. I will most definitely die. If I fall from that height, there’ll be no saving me. I will definitely die.
[Subaru: …I’ll, die.]
I’ll die. Everything that lives eventually dies, and I am going to die here. Alone in this place. Without my mother or father, surrounded by complete strangers, I’ll end up becoming a filthy, bloody lump and die.
[Subaru: I’ll die. I’ll die. I’ll… die. Die, die, die…]
He muttered this. As he muttered so, albeit strange, it felt like it became a little more distant. It was just a temporary peace of mind. He was distracted. When put into words, it’s not like anything would dramatically change.
“Death” would not change, loitering about while smiling so as to catch up with his fate.
Just now, it appeared to be taking the shape of a person. A dark shadow rose up, laughing at him as if it were mocking him.
That face, which was stuck to the dark shadow was a face which seemed familiar. Whose face was it that he recognised in this place? Thinking this, he noticed…
“Death”, with his face on it, was laughing as it pointed at him as he trembled.
[Subaru: Don’t laugh.]
He glared at the shadow, and said this with a dark hatred. The shadow continued to smile. It hadn’t stopped pointing its finger at him.
[Subaru: Don’t laugh. Don’t laugh at me! This is no laughing matter…!]
Standing up and grinding his teeth he approached the shadow that was standing against the wall. The shadow still continued to smile. It still hadn’t stopped pointing its finger at him.
[Subaru: Quit laughing. I will die. But not to you. You will not kill me.]
The facial expression of the embodiment of “Death” changed for the first time. It seemed like it had gotten angry that his own thing hadn’t done as he’d said. It seemed like this was the shadow’s weak point, it is here that he will launch an incessant onslaught against it.
[Subaru: I will not be killed by you. I will die. It’s certain that I will die! I will die! I’m dead! I’m already dead! I died and came back here, but I–]
––won’t be killed by you.
In that moment he had tried to clearly speak those words out loud.
[Subaru: ……………………]
His lips had stopped moving to his will. The next thing he noticed was that his eyes which had been glaring at the shadow seemed frozen, and the sensation of being completely separated from his body. Why, even his ability to question it had been sealed, he had simply just succumbed to this sudden transformation in his body.
He can’t move. His body… No, it isn’t his body that had stopped moving. It was the world around him. The black shadow that had stood in front of him had also stopped moving, its distorted expression of anger remained frozen on its face.
In this world where he couldn’t move, there was only one thing that moved. And that was –
[???: – I love you.]
– It perhaps looked like a woman in black.
Darkness, it was a woman with slender limbs whose whole body was entirely dyed in black. He doesn’t know whether this woman’s figure was made of darkness itself or whether it was a woman that was dressed in black. He wasn’t certain which one it was – it didn’t seem to make any sense to choose one. In any case, it was a woman in black. It was as if she was wearing a black wedding dress, with a black veil that made it impossible to see both into it and out from it. This black veil completely concealed her face.
[???: – I love you.]
However, the words which emerged from the lips of the woman who was shrouded in darkness contained an unimaginably strong emotion. Just how many emotions he could concentrate within, to get close to the words that slipped out from her lips.
In those words there was quality, there was quantity, there was the sensation of time passed, there was weight, there was worth, and that was just the general concept. He doesn’t know approximately how many people have uttered “I love you” in the world – but if you were to take all of those “I love you’s” and put them together then it would surely be akin to this woman’s “I love you”.
And slowly, the woman who had been gently whispering her words of love moved her black arm towards his chest. Slender fingers passed through his chest, his skin, his flesh, right through his bones and caressed his beating heart.
[Subaru: …………………]
Several minutes, dozens of minutes, he doesn’t know how much time had passed. His heart had been made aware of her presence ever since awakened – but, in that moment he hadn’t ever thought that he found her presence annoying. Because –
[???: – I love you.]
She had caressed his heart with the same passion that was found in her whispers. But suddenly, a great shock passed through him, his body, fearing pain, was completely succumbed by it. His body being crushed by his fall, his soul burning and being scorched out of existence, even the pain of his guilty heart when he had thought back to his mother – all of those pains seemed insignificant compared to this pain.
He wanted her to let him scream. If he could shout himself hoarse, he could alleviate the pain a little. Rather than be faced only with pain, he was able to escape some of the pain by thinking of things other than the pain he was in. Now he couldn’t do that. He could only face his pain.
[???: – I love you.]
Her love will not let go of his heart. It’s like as if she had an everlasting desire to not allow him to turn his attention to things other than herself.
–– It was as if she was envious of everything around him.
[Subaru: – Haa]
He had been suddenly set free.
[Subaru: ……………]
Gasping, he collapsed on the spot. With tears overflowing from his eyes, he couldn’t keep hold of his continence. He feels a warm, wet feeling around his crotch, and urine starts to drip down the stairway. The dark shadow that had stopped, continued to point at the shameful sight in front of it, and was laughing loudly.
As he watched the figure that was laughing he realizes that he had been deceived. Since he had displayed behaviour which had indicated weakness, he had been deceived into stepping on the tiger’s tail that shouldn’t be stepped on.
[Subaru: I…]
He couldn’t continue his words. He was holding his head, completely at his wits end. Blood was still flowing from his wounds where his fingernails had been ripped off. Even his tears and the urine that was dripping from him seemed like punishment for his weakness and stupidity.
–– Just kill me.
He voiced this out inside his head. As for having been killed, would he really be “killed”?
He heard the sounds of footsteps going up the stairs, and the sounds of anxious voices running up to where he was. Until then, he continued to cry like a foolish child, smeared in his own filth and disappointment.
The ruins of Natsuki Subaru kept on crying.


Chapter 41
Everything is messed up. Literally, so messed up.
He was found, brought back and questioned about what had happened. Bit by bit, he found that the situation would get worse every time he would say something.
[???: All right, so Subaru really doesn’t remember anything?]
As he was clutching his knees, the girl with the silver hair gazed down at him with a gloomy expression. Next to her stood a young, sweet little girl who couldn’t come to grips with what he had said and reacted with shock.
[???: We were at a complete loss when we heard that we couldn’t find you… by no means, did I think the situation would end up like this. It looks like we’re faced with a very difficult problem.]
The girl, who had a white fox scarf wrapped around her neck, grumbled this in a stiff tone. The knight with the handsome face nods and mutters the occasional “Yeah, that’s right” as she speaks. 
[???: For how long are you going to be satisfied in exposing that unsightly appearance, Barusu.]
Scowling at him as she said it, was the girl who had cleaned up the mess that had been caked on him. But, there was no great animosity in her words, moreover, there seemed to be a forlorn expression hanging over her.
[???: Master, Master. Something in the air seems to have become remarkably more gloomy eh~? You need to smile mooore…  Huh, what is that? You stink of piss!]
The black haired woman was laughing in good spirits without seemingly understanding the situation here. At the side of the black-haired woman, there stood a young girl who was stroking her braided hair. She gives him a sidelong glance which seemed to show barely a small glimpse of interest at the situation he was in.
[Subaru: ……………………]
All of these reactions, if he were to broadly speak about them, every single one of them he had let go by. Once, twice… thrice. He had disappointed them three times. However, this time, he had soiled himself after he had tried to escape from this place. He had been found alone, huddled up and crying. There was no room for doubt that it had been the worst situation so far.
–– Even though he is the only one aware of the real facts behind this truly dreadful situation.
[Subaru: Heh.]
It makes him laugh. The fact that he had repeated this same situation – No, not just repeated once, but three times.
He had seen the same scene a second time. Then on the third time he had revisited this scene, he had finally grasped what sort of situation he was in.
–– He had died twice.
Both times, most likely, from falling from the same place – the first time he had lost consciousness on the way down and because of that, he hadn’t tasted the moment of death. However, it had not been like this the second time. As he fell down, he hadn’t died quickly and had tumbled and crashed against the staircase having his whole body destroyed.
He then finally died, but came back. At the moment of death, he would return back to the Green Room and once again he would wake up and redo the day.
Die and return –『Return by Death.』That was the blessing which the God had given to Natsuki Subaru in this parallel world.
[Subaru: Heh.]
For the second time, laughter had leaked out of him. Whether objectively one could call it laughter is left to discussion, suffice to say that for Subaru it was laughter.
There’s nothing else he could do except laugh. He felt as if his tears have honestly dried up. Crying also wasted his physical strength. He had died and then returned, it seemed like the physical strength he exerts before dying is given back to him when he returns. This time he had literally soiled away his strength on awakening.
[???: Anyways, let Subaru rest until things settle down. Over time, we may see some change.]
At hearing the girl with the silver hair’s proposal, he knew that his treatment had already been decided like so. Was she thinking that he would lash out violently? Subaru’s persona had been exaggerated. He had been brought back to the Green Room under everyone’s supervision.
[???: I’m afraid we can’t leave Rem here with this current Barusu. I oppose it.]
[???: …But, apart from finding out what caused this, our best bet at helping Subaru recover would be to rely on the spirit of this room.]
[???: If that’s the case… if that’s the case, we will move Rem to another room. Ram will stay with her and look after her. Ram seems to be the only one now who is worried about her.]
He wished he was in a place where there were no quarrels or clash of opinions. Whatever it is, he has no options. Taking the initiative and having the willpower to do things such as resolutely overcoming this situation, the current Subaru didn’t have that within him.
[???: …Poor Rem.]
She uttered this so Subaru could hear her, just before she carried the sleeping girl out of the room. It was remarkable how much they resembled each other, like two peas in a pod.
Subaru had no idea about the true meaning behind her words. Nor did he want to.
[Beatrice: Subaru, stay quietly here. Betty will surely find a way to return your memories, I suppose.]
[Subaru: …………………………]
[Beatrice: I won’t let you cower here all alone.]
Just before she leaves the room, the young girl speaks those gentle words. Her voice is tinged with grief, yet there is also a hint of noble determination within it. The voice is strong and doesn’t doubt what she says. In that way, in response to her voice showing that she is concerned for him–
[Subaru: …Ahh!]
Subaru shrunk back in an attempt to avoid her outstretched arms. Seeing his reaction to this, the eyes of the little girl swayed with hurt.
[Beatrice: ………………..]
They were strangers. No matter what, they were strangers.
But for Subaru, they weren’t strangers. For the girls, the Subaru here was a stranger.
Their familiarity, their worry, and their deep affection was directed at the original “Natsuki Subaru” and not at his current ruins. And, at the same time–
[Subaru: I have no reason to be killed…]
He had been left behind in the Green Room, alone. Subaru grinds his teeth as he mutters this. It’s still not yet a good thing to turn towards those good feelings of comfort, or to blow off the bonds that he had supposedly accumulated over time, and the trust and deep affection he has no memory of. However, why does he have to bear the consequences of the murderous intent that “Natuski Subaru” had accumulated towards him?
All the good things and the bad things, everything that was jumbled together was not his own. Despite this, why must he struggle and drown in this place?
…
[Subaru: I’m sorry…]
After a few hours of being alone, Subaru pushes his back up against the wall, and steadily gets up. Having bitten down on his lips too much, he spat out the mixture of blood and saliva that had piled up within his mouth. Then slowly he starts to walk towards the Green Room’s exit.
[???: ……*Tsssssssss*]
Behind Subaru, the only presence that he could hear was the black lizard’s cries. The cry sounded somewhat feeble, as if it was crying out in loneliness. Subaru shakes his head at that thought. It’s just a big reptile feeling loneliness, even for him, there was a limit to his stupidity.
[Subaru: Somebody will bring you food. Shush now.]
The lizard continues to give out its feeble cry despite what Subaru had said. Without listening to it, Subaru shakes off his reluctant thoughts, and steps out of the Green Room. He checks to his left and right, making sure the coast is clear and starts to stealthily walk away.
[Subaru: Water, and where they keep the food…]
He knows where those things are. As he had accompanied her to draw water, he knew where he could find it. He also knew where he could find food. The only other question he had was how much of it should he bring?
[Subaru: …………………..]
To be honest, there was something Subaru didn’t know. What on earth had pushed Subaru down those stairs and robbed him of his life.
However, there was something that Subaru clearly remembers. Back then, at that place, someone had pushed Subaru’s back. It wasn’t due to some ridiculous reason such as being clapped on the shoulder from behind or being blown off by a strong gust of wind. He was certainly pushed. He had been on the receiving end of definite, murderous intent. Natsuki Subaru had been killed.
The suspects were seven: Emilia, Beatrice, Ram, Anastasia, Julius, Meili and Shaula – Subaru doesn’t know how many of them are his friends, and how many of them are his foe. After all, Subaru now had no way to deem if all of them were truly his acquaintances.
–– In reality, couldn’t they all be assassins gathered here at this tower to kill Subaru?
[Subaru: If that’s true…]
Even if he brings out only a bit of food, he can’t feel guilty about this. However, at the same time, the first and second time he had met them… Emilia had called out to him in the same manner, and Beatrice had told him that they would look for a way to return his memories, and Ram had cried out refusing to believe that he had lost his memories. He doubts that they were acting.
[Subaru: ……………………]
It was impossible.
Having gone through all that horrible stuff, he had been killed not just once, but twice. Subaru doubts the girl and the others from the bottom of his heart, and yet, he couldn’t run away just for his own safety.
[Subaru: Shit, shit, half-assed son of a bitch…!]
He swears at his own disgraceful behaviour, unable to chose, as he starts to secretly pack away food. So to speak he was collecting emergency rations, he was putting no consideration into what it would taste like. Of course, what was important now was that the food would fill him up, other particulars like taste were secondary, no, tertiary. He had roughly taken enough food to last him three days. He had in a similar fashion drawn enough water and placed it in leather drinking pouches to carry along with him.
[Subaru: There’s a desert outside, but…]
He donned a cloak that had been stowed in the same place as the food. In terms of size and design, Subaru immediately noticed which one was his. The cloak is designed so when you clasp the front together it can be pulled up to cover his mouth. It seemed like a perfect countermeasure against breathing in the sand of the desert. And after collecting food, water and tools to help him in the desert, his preparations were complete.
[Subaru: I guess it is past the time where I’ve twice died…]
If he thinks about it, the time he had spent huddled up in the Green Room should mean that he had perhaps already approached the time in which he had been pushed off last time. The effectiveness of『Return by Death』had immediately demonstrated its power. Like this, one by one, he could overcome his own death flags and continue walking the tightrope of life and death.
[Subaru: ………………………..]
He doesn’t want to do that. It would be better for him to not be in this place, if he were to have to go through something like that. Subaru jumps out of the room and starts to jog, he heads towards where the spiral staircase is located using the mental map he had drawn in his head of the area. Twice he had been pushed down from this place. Naturally, his mind was screaming at him to get out of there. However–,
[Subaru: ………………..…!]
Immediately after arriving at the spiral staircase and being momentarily enraptured by the scene in front of him, Subaru looked back behind him and carefully examined whether the assassin was hiding somewhere behind him. Luckily, because the time was different to last time, or because the assassin did not know where Subaru was, he couldn’t find any trace of an arm stretched out preparing to push his back.
About now, everyone was probably at the library where the memories of the dead sleep, or they had headed upstairs and are waiting to face that arrogant examiner – the memory of having his internal organs messed with by this man resurfaced, and a feeling of wanting to vomit wells up within him.
[Subaru: As if you can challenge a guy who’s like that…]
He wasn’t human. Both in skill and personality. By no means at all does it seem likely to win against such an opponent, were you to challenge him. If that’s the case, what’s it to him to overlook the fact that they had gone to face a fight they know they couldn’t win.
[Subaru: Hell if I know!!!]
Since a little while ago, this enigma had kept popping up in his mind and had been trying to stop his feet. So what. He doesn’t care.
Although she may have been gentle and kind, it may have all been a lie. She may have acted worried, but behind her back she may have been sharpening the blade of murderous intent. At least she could have warned him of the possibility that a dangerous individual was lurking somewhere in the tower. 
[Subaru: Well, what if the person they told me about an enemy?]
Enemy, enemy was a word of ridicule. In his everyday life in his world which was relatively unaffected by conflict, the opportunity to utter a word like “Enemy” only existed within games.
This world was one where you were forced to say that word, as if it were only natural.
No, that is wrong. He doesn’t want to be in this place. He doesn’t want to stay here.
[Subaru: ………………!]
Subaru runs, biting down the unbearable irritation that was boiling within his chest. He runs down the spiral staircase, heading down towards the fifth floor that was out of sight. There are many steps spiralling endlessly down the wall, and he cannot see the end of them as he goes downstairs. He frantically ran down as fast as he could, puffing and panting, to the point that it almost seemed comical.
Still, he didn’t want to die.
[Subaru: I made it…whew…]
He had made it down to the fifth floor. Unlike the fourth floor, the fifth floor wasn’t divided into various rooms. Rather, it was like a single hall that occupied the entire space of the floor. The only thing that was noticeable within the fifth floor was a set of stairs that led downwards to the sixth floor and –
[Subaru: A huge door…]
Looking up at the huge door, he sensed a terrible feeling of oppression emanating from where it stood.
[Subaru: ……………………]
Standing in front of the door, it felt like a strange overpowering sensation was clogging Subaru’s throat. He feels a slight sandy breeze blow through. Perhaps the wind outside was blowing some sand into the tower through gaps within the door. In the end he was certain that this door connected to the outside.
[Subaru: If what Emilia and the others said was true…]
Using this door, he should be able to go to the desert outside. Desert – he had forgotten its official name, but nevertheless he will follow the sandy road and head towards civilization. That way at least, there should be no worries of having his life threatened by this cruel assassin.
The basics to crossing a desert are to travel at night, avoid sandstorms, and try to move towards one set direction – this was the only knowledge he possessed on the matter.
[Subaru: I would bet that it is far more likely that I will survive there, than in this place where it’s certain that I am going to be killed.]
It could be said that this wasn’t quite a normal decision to make. However, whether or not this was an abnormal decision to come to, he doesn’t think making it is a mistake. Under these circumstances, if he can’t believe even in “Himself”, then only darkness would await him.
He would never do such a thing like sitting in the dark, waiting for death. Since his death, he had decided to fight back.
[Subaru: ……………………..]
He placed his hand on the huge door which was in front of him, and slowly pushed it with all his strength. The door was more than ten times larger than Subaru himself. By all rights, even if Subaru were to push with all his might, it should be that due to its weight, the door should not budge at all.
However, when he had pressed the palm of his hand against the door, it had easily pushed open as if it was mechanized.
[Subaru: Eh.]
Subaru let out a flat sigh and stops pushing the door open. Even if now they hadn’t noticed Subaru trying to sneak away, if he left the door completely open, then he can expect the girl and the others to notice.
Even if Subaru slips out and manages to get away, he wants to make sure to put in enough distance between them so they couldn’t catch up to him.
[Subaru: ……………………….]
Quietly, Subaru looked out from the gap in the door to the outside. As soon as his eyesight adjusted, he saw a vast sea of sand which was swallowed by the creeping darkness of nightfall.
[Subaru: …It really is a desert, eh.]
He tries to squint his eyes so he can see what is beyond the horizon, but he can’t see anything beyond it. In this environment where there are no signs of any shelter, what is at the end of the horizon cannot be seen. There is no way for Subaru to know how far it stretched. However, no matter how far this desert went on for, it certainly couldn’t go on forever.
If he were to take a step forward, it would be one step closer to the outside world. If he were to get closer to the outside world – wouldn’t that be a step closer to his original world?
[Subaru: …………………….]
For a moment, Subaru’s legs remained glued in the tower. He will probably, surely, leave this place. It made him feel a bit guilty to do this, as he would be leaving behind those without any ill intentions towards him. Subaru shakes off these feelings. His attachment to go outside, to his original world, made him do so.
He doesn’t want to be here. Natsuki Subaru will return back home because that is where his mother and father await him.
[Subaru: So…]
With a firm step forward, Subaru passes through the gap he had opened in the door. Stepping on the sand, he notices that his feet sunk into the sand more than he had thought they would. Taking his initial steps with quite a lot of force, Natsuki Subaru had firmly stepped outside into the outside world. And –
[Subaru: …huh?]
A violent explosion from underneath his shoes suddenly launches Subaru high up into the air.

※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
He had been thrown from his back onto the ground, making him black out. He was in a complete state of panic – Subaru now no longer knew whether being in a state of panic was more normal than being in a state of normalcy.
[Subaru: What the…]
….hell happened. While spitting sand from his mouth, Subaru hadn’t the leisure to continue those words.
This was due to the imposing figure that was now standing right before his eyes, presenting an answer to what the hell happened.
[Subaru: ….……………]
Right in front of Subaru’s eyes, a huge shadow is looking at him against the background which was dyed by the night. The shadow had a huge, limbless body, with slimy skin. It looked ferocious, with cruel fangs lining its mouth – it seemed to look like an earthworm to Subaru. A terrible, gigantic earthworm. In length, it stood not less than ten metres tall – it was an earthworm-monster.
[Subaru: W….]
Was this a world full of monsters? Every single scene he had seen had been disconnected from reality, and had not given Subaru’s heart a chance to calm down. And now, the latest crisis was drawing near to him, not giving him any chance to crouch down and lament his fate.
[Subaru: This, fucking… hk–]
Picking himself up, covered in sand, Subaru shakes his head. Most likely it had been this earthworm who had struck him earlier and blown him away, because he was standing on its territory. That, or he had simply been standing in the place where it had emerged to take a breath. Either way, the earthworm had knocked Subaru down onto the sand, and moreover–
[Subaru: It’s not going to leave me be…!]
Understanding that in this situation he was at an overwhelming disadvantage, Subaru looked around his surroundings. He had barely taken four steps since leaving the tower. Although it was cowardly, there were plenty of options to pick from, such as jumping back into the building and living.
However, as he looked around, Subaru cursed his luck. He had been blown away by the earthworm’s blow and had rolled across the sand, away from the tower. The huge earthworm stood in between Subaru and the tower, so if he were to try and get back to the tower, he would have to go past the earthworm’s huge body.
[Subaru: So…]
Even if he were to run into the desert, he expects that the earthworm will eventually catch up with him. Firstly, this may not be the only earthworm; there’s a decent chance that this earthworm is the lord of the desert with how big it is, although even one that’s half of its size would be quite a threat too. Not to mention, if he were to be attacked by a herd of them…
[Subaru: In fact, was the option of escaping not even realistic?]
He hates the kindness which this world quickly teaches. And, it seemed like the earthworm had decided what to do about Subaru, who had been busy trying to puzzle how to get out of this situation.
Slowly, the earthworm turns its eyeless head towards him and opens its gaping maw. There was a curved horn on its head – it was quite a surreal sensation.
[Subaru: One shot, I just need to get in one shot on it. Just one one shot, one shot, one shot…]
Pulling up his anti-sand cloak to his neck, Subaru keeps an eye out at what the earthworm was doing.  He pulls his arm to the front, and calculates the timing of when he should deliver his blow. He suddenly notices that the wound where his nails had been ripped off on his right hand had clotted, and that the nails had started to regenerate. Had it been healing magic, or the effects of the Green Room?
And while he was distracted by that…
[???……………. KRUAAAAAAAAAAAGH!!]
The gigantic beast had let out a terrible, shrill cry which he could have never imagined coming from such a thing. The earthworm had then leapt, almost as if it was flopping, towards Subaru. When Subaru had heard its roar against the howling of the wind, for a split second he had felt a strange sensation, like as if his body was acting on its own accord.
[Subaru: …………………………….]
The earthworm had leapt at him, however he had rolled towards his right side and dodged its attack. He hadn’t been thinking of anything else. It’s as if he could see an illusion of himself of what to do next. He had simply followed what the illusion had done and moved his body like it did. And just like that, he had moved out of the earthworm’s attack.
[Subaru: …Shiiiii–!!]
A large amount of sand mushroomed up into the air, followed by a shockwave right beside him. Whilst experiencing the aftermath of its attack, Subaru rolls over the sand, still following the illusion of his own consciousness.
[Subaru: …hhhfffff!]
His body was far more agile than he remembered it to be. A split second after, “Natsuki Subaru’s” year crossed through his mind was, which Subaru had no recollection of. There is a trace left of the experience “Natsuki Subaru” had accrued surviving in this harsh environment.
Right now, he wasn’t thinking anything about the fact he’d made full use of that.
[Subaru: At this rate…!!]
Rolling forwards, with the nimbleness and vigour his precursor had left him, Subaru rights himself up and runs as fast as possible towards the tower’s front door. In this moment, it is all about clinging onto what is in front of his eyes.
If he makes it back to the tower, he knows that he will return to an environment of shadows and suspicion, as well as that he will be tormented by the fear of death. But still, he would rather chose that than ending up becoming this huge earthworm’s poop.
[Subaru: ………………………..]
He cannot afford to look back behind him, but it should be that the earthworm should not have enough dexterity to be able to switch over and catch up with him immediately. He was only a few metres away from where he was running to–
[Subaru: Rh–]
Just now, instead of the earthworm’s head, the earthworm’s tail had broken through and appeared from underneath the sand at Subaru’s feet. The sand underneath him violently exploded and the momentum from the tail striking his feet hoists Subaru’s body up into the air again.
[Subaru: Oh, ah.]
Whilst revolving around in mid-air, and flailing his limbs about, Subaru sees what is underneath him. Beneath his eyes, he sees that the earthworm was opening its large mouth, preparing itself to greedily devour his body.
–He’d underestimated it.
He was naive to think that he could outsmart the wild animal that had lived in this harsh environment and gotten so huge, just like as if it had been living in a greenhouse similar to his world. Reckless, he had been reckless. He will pay the price of his own impudence with his life.
[Subaru: NO!]
Whilst falling, he shouts this out, like a trapped insect struggling to escape a spider’s web. Die, would he died again? If he dies, he doesn’t know if he will even remain dead. If he is to die and it end here, what would happen? Could he bear it? If he were to be thrown forever into the never-ending darkness like this. Could he bear it?
[Subaru: NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!]
He screams and stretches his hand out to the night sky for help. There is nothing to reach out to. Even at the ends of the sky, which was blurred behind some wispy clouds, he couldn’t see the stars that were supposed to be there – Subaru was falling alone. He had been abandoned by the star with his own name, about to be swallowed into the monster’s belly; to blink out and disappear. Such despair –
– Suddenly, a surge of white light appears.
[Subaru: ………………………]
A surge of white light rushes forward and blows away the face of the earthworm that had opened its large mouth. Literally, the impact had pierced the earthworm’s face, with its large head being warped in such a fashion that it almost looked like it had been turned into Amezaiku. And then, in a split-second, it blows up. Chunks of dirty flesh and blood spray out of the earthworm’s head as it flies off.
The head that should have been swallowing Subaru is gone, and the earthworm’s huge body shakes violently. However, before its body toppled over, Subaru’s own body crashed off the top of the headless worm.
With a heavy shaking movement, it had felt like as if he had fell onto a hamburger patty just before it was going to be cooked. Its gaping wound, its internal organs, and its flesh and blood were the things that had cushioned Subaru’s body. He had been given his life in exchange for the discomfort stuck in his hair. He coughs and splutters violently, he realizes that inside his mouth there is some foul liquid within it which is making him want to vomit. Meanwhile, the earthworm’s remains were slowly starting to topple over – wait, no!
One after the other, the light flashes across his field of view, end every time it does, the earthworm’s remains are shot through. Its shot through, burst open, segments of it are sliced off, bits of it fly about: the earthworm is cut into ribbons. It was only by coincidence that none of these flashes of light hit Subaru, which you could say was a stroke of luck in such a bad situation. However, eventually –
[Subaru: – Ah]
Subaru notices that its body which had been shook by these impacts had now been strewn across the sand. Subaru was now lying with his back on the sand, his whole body stretched out.
[Subaru: ……………..]
Up above him, he sees the same starless sky just like when he had been flung up by the earthworm. By some twist of fate, even now that he had managed to cling onto his life, the sky hadn’t changed, “Subaru” had still been abandoned.
Being amazed, being wanted, being abandoned, being hated, being befriended, being kept away. Does he want to live? Does he want to die? Does he want to be here or not?
[Subaru: What should I do…! If you know, tell me…!]
There is no one around. Covering his face, he shouts this out at the empty sky. He received no reply. Who was it that Subaru wanted to hear the answers from the most? It was probably –
[Subaru: …Answer me, Natuski Subaru.]
Saying this in a miserable voice, Subaru sighs and turns his body to the side. There had been no particular reason why he had happened to turn his body.
– But that tiny movement had barely saved Subaru’s life from the white light which had grazed his ear and struck the ground next to him.
[*DZZZZZZ*]
Something had grazed past his right ear with tremendous force. He clasps his hand to the ear which was throbbing in pain, and rolls to the side. As the blood was dripping out from his ear, he saw what had caused the pain.
A long, narrow, glowing object, reminiscent of a stinger, was stuck in the ground.
[Subaru: What is…]
This.
As soon as he had reached out to touch it, the white stinger had turned into dust. And, right after that, Subaru’s field of view shook.
[Subaru: …………………..]
It shook greatly – from top to bottom. Whether it was because of an earthworm wriggling, or whether it was because the last stinger had stabbed into it, the ground underneath Subaru’s buttocks was collapsing. He was sinking down along with the surrounding earth.
[Subaru: UAAAAAAAAAaaaaa!!]
His fingers slip through the sand as he falls, trying to find anything to hold onto. Rather like an insect falling into an anthill, Subaru’s body sinks to the bottom of the sandy floor, unable to do anything about it.
His arms and legs are buried. He cannot move them. Turning his head up, he desperately gasps for air. His whole body was being swallowed by the sand, he frantically tries to fight against the premonition that he was about to be buried alive.
[Subaru: Someone, someone, help me…]
He couldn’t say what he wanted to say next. Subaru’s entire body was being swallowed by the sand, sinking, sinking.
And the stars do not even take one single notice at the miserable, struggling “Subaru”.

※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※


Chapter 42
…
–– His consciousness returns, the first thing he feels is a difficulty in his breathing.
[Subaru: *Cough, cough, hack*]
Feeling something unpleasant collected in his mouth, he coughs violently – spitting out sand and forcing open his heavy eyelids. He had lost consciousness.
He feels sand trapped within his eyelashes. While fighting against that, Subaru wonders what had happened and tries to recall what had occurred to him just before.
If he remembers correctly, there had been a terrible confusion, and after that he had attempted to leave the tower. There was no doubt that he had managed to leave the tower without being disturbed by anyone, but –
[Subaru: The earthworm… the white flash of… light…]
Recalling the terrifying incident that had happened just after that, and recalling how the impacts had continued to rain down – one after the other – Subaru seemed quite suspicious at whether he was actually alive. Had it only been down to luck that he had survived all of these abnormal events that he had been dragged into? However, even if he were to die, it was doubtful that he’d truly remain dead. Though that was how the current Natsuki Subaru was, an unwanted foreign being.
[Subaru: After the stingers, I fell right into the termite nest…]
He remembers that the ground beneath him had collapsed and he, along with the earthworm’s gigantic carcass, had been swallowed by the Earth. He had managed to stretch out his head to secure some oxygen, however even his head had been swallowed up by the sand, and he had faded out of consciousness. It seemed as if he should have died of suffocation, but that hadn’t been the case.
[Subaru: This place… is this underground area beneath the desert?]
Looking around, he couldn’t find a source of light in this room; the darkness was so thick that he could barely see anything nearby. Opening his heavy eyelids, he takes the palm of his hand out of the sand and pushes it forwards in front of him. Only barely can he see that it’s there. The world around him was too vague to let him see the existence of this life line.
–– It really seems as if he just barely remains in the world of the living.
[Subaru: …This ain’t appealing, damn idiot.]
Thinking that much, Subaru tries to slowly move his arms and legs in an attempt to release his body, which was trapped in the sand, from the heavy pressure around him. The feeling that he couldn’t breathe was due to the bed of sand that had swallowed him from his waist down. He was quite lucky that his upper body hadn’t been buried. You could say that this process of extraction could be likened to trying to raise up a flag on a sand dune without causing the flag to fall over. Subaru carefully extracted himself out from the sand, moving it away, making sure not to make any poor movements to avoid burying himself in the sand again.
[Subaru: …………………….]
After barely escaping from the sand, he felt a great sense of fatigue overpower him. It was likely because his body temperature had been sapped by the cold sand along with the continuous pressure it had exerted on him. The fact that he couldn’t grasp how long he had been out cold was horrible.
[Subaru: Guess I was lucky that when I was out cold another earthworm didn’t come and munch on me…]
Whilst speaking, Subaru becomes aware that his throat is parched, and he moves his hand to his waist. When he had escaped from the tower, he had fastened some leather pouches containing enough water to cross the desert there. But, his fingers which had been trying to grab that water closed around thin air. Despite fumbling around several times for them, he couldn’t find the leather pouches.
[Subaru: I should have expected this, considering I was buried from my waist down…]
It seemed like the water pouches had come off when he had been swallowed by the sand. As well as that, it looked like the bags filled with his emergency rations had also come away. Although it indicated he was in a fatal situation, he remained calm at heart. Already, his heart had been paralyzed by this cruel situation; it was perhaps becoming absurd to react every single time like this.
[Subaru: At least, it’s gotta be nearby… eh?]
Getting on his knees, he fumbles around the bank of the sand mound that he had just gotten out of. It is quite a large amount of sand. He didn’t expect to find it, but as if it was just mere consolation, he feels something soft exactly where his body had slipped out of. Confirming it with his fingers, he was surprised to find that it was the leather pouch that he had been looking for. But,
[Subaru: It’s empty, so why am I even surprised by this again…?]
Feeling the pouch with his hands and gauging its weight, he realizes the contents are empty. Just in case, he places the opening of the leather pouch to his lips, but only a few drops trickle onto the tip of his tongue. Even if it was just a little bit of water, now every drop of it was precious. He was thirsty for more. Subaru places the leather pouch to his waist and decides that he will feel around his surroundings again.
[Subaru: ………………….?]
If he had found his drinking pouch, there could also be a chance that he’d find his food. But such an expectation had been betrayed, just like when he had found his water.
–– His food had fallen out and was now scattered all around the mound of sand he had been buried in, almost as if it had messily eaten it up.
[Subaru: ……………………]
Due to it being dark, he can’t see around the sand-bed properly. However, he can recognize that the food that he had brought now lies scattered around it. The crumbling pieces left on top of his palm have not maintained their original shape – if he were to speak truthfully, he recognizes that the food is now inedible and leaves it scattered there.
Gulping, Subaru’s throat ached in thirst. Subaru’s food was scattered around his surroundings. This fact clawed at Subaru’s mind, as if it was scratching him with nails, as he desperately tried to remain calm. Subaru starts to sweat profusely, wasting precious water, as fear fills his hearts as he thinks of being preyed on by earthworms.
Originally, this huge earthworm had crawled out of here, so to speak this was the monster’s habitat. The earthworm who must have been the chief among them had died; but it would be no surprise to him if there were other monsters inhabiting this passageway which it had cohabited with.
[Subaru: I need to leave this place…]
As soon as possible.
However, he knows that he can’t see his surroundings well. He starts to crawl using his hands and knees, relying on feeling his way using the ground beneath him, nevermind even the walls. He could merely flee crawling on his hands and knees, making sure to check for ground, walls, a path, his own being.
[Subaru: Ow, it hurts… shit, ouchhhh…]
His right ear had been grazed by the white stinger, the fingernails on his right hand were still halfway through regenerating, and the organs in his body were still aching him. While suffering from all this pain, Subaru was crawling out, trying to escape this place. Even if beforehand he didn’t know exactly what the heck he was running away from, now, he must do anything to get away from this strange being.
Anyway, in order to get away from this unfamiliar being which inspired such fear in him now, he had no choice but to continue his escape.

※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
[Subaru: ……………………………..]
Smelling something, Subaru moves his hands and feet forward towards it, as if he was being guided by it. The smell gradually became stronger, eventually becoming strong enough to be regarded as a reliable sense. It guides Subaru deeper within.
–– It had been a little over an hour since Subaru had begun to crawl out of this place.
Whilst escaping, Subaru had accidentally slid down the sand-bed quite a few times and had also been obstructed by walls in his way on this trackless path. Sometimes, sand had rained down from above which had caused him to react by rolling over in fright.
Whilst doing that, Subaru realises that he’s within a cave underneath the desert. Although it hadn’t really been any great salvation that he had noticed this, it did bode an omen to its real meaning.
–– A strange, yet alluring scent suddenly drifted into his nostrils.
By no means could he call such a strange thing sweet-smelling.
In a typical situation, smells are generally considered to be of lower priority and have less value when trying to figure out a situation. However, considering that his sight was sealed by darkness, and he couldn’t tell what was happening in the world around him, this sudden stench felt extremely fresh to him.
Therefore, Subaru started to crawl using the wall to feel his way towards the source of the scent, it looked just like when a young child first starts to learn how to walk using walls. Sniffing with his nose, he looked exactly like a dog who was following a trail towards the depths of the cave – No, to the depths, or maybe the entrance of the cave, he cannot be sure where this scent is leading him to.
[Subaru: *Pant* *Pant* Pant*…]
Without even noticing, Subaru had stuck his tongue out and had started to pant heavily, exactly like a dog would.
He had heard that dogs would stick their tongues out and pant in an attempt to cool their body down, but Subaru didn’t really equate this comparison to his current gesture. The reason why Subaru had lolled his tongue out, imitating something that a dog would do, was because he wanted to increase the amount of knowledge he could obtain from his surroundings by sensing the flow of the air on his tongue.
[Subaru: ………………]
In just a few hours Subaru had applied the methods that creatures use to move about in the dark. Naturally, his half-baked attempt was completely different to how it occurs in reality. The darkness was unchanging and didn’t provide Subaru with any hints of what was around him. In this lonely area, all he can hear is his own breathing and the faint scratching noises of himself paddling across the sand – But, this felt comfortable to Subaru now.
–– It was terrifying, it was horrible, but one way or another he must manage it.
It was the first time he had naturally embraced this natural human feeling. Right now, Subaru loved this silence and this darkness and this “Lonely” space where no one was around.
Right here, no one would hurt him. Right here, all he needed to do was keep floundering around to try and escape. Right here, even if he needn’t think about anything, there were things to do.
A feeling of complacency, similar to the feeling you would get if you let a muddy river sweep you along, embraces Subaru’s heart.
If he could just melt away into it, that’d be no problem, wouldn’t it.
–– In this manner, he had submerged himself in thought about it whilst escaping from his fatigue and habit.
[Subaru: Damn it, what is this…]
Subaru had steadily crawled through the dark cave. On his way, he had come across a fork in the road with a path going left and the other one right. He anxiously deliberated on which path to choose, in the end he decided on the right path. From then on, there was a long, long journey whereby he followed the scent. Would there be a place where he could find relief at the end? Would he reach somewhere which had light? Even though such a prospect was not necessarily true, Subaru pushed forward without any concern for this. However –
[Subaru: There’s a dead-end right here…]
The path that he had followed had steadily narrowed. After going up a slope, Subaru had found a narrow path awaiting him which could only be traversed by literally crawling; at the end of it was a wall of sand – ultimately, it was also where the source of the scent ended.
[Subaru: Why did I even come all the way here… No, wait a sec.]
Angry at the blockage in his path, Subaru had been about to strike the wall of sand, but caught himself. He racked his brains at the current contradiction in front of him, having followed the scent all the way here.
Subaru had unmistakably arrived here by following the scent which was lingering in the air. The scent had been wafted in by a draft and had certainly arrived all the way to Subaru who had been quite far below. In other words, if the drafts had flowed from here, it meant that this wall of sand could not be a dead end. The draft had surely flowed into the cave from the outside.
[Subaru: If that’s so…!]
Frantically palming his surroundings, Subaru shuffles back a bit. He fumbles around the dead-end path for anything. He hadn’t missed anything on the left, right, front or bottom. Then, where had he not looked?
–– He had been abandoned by the stars, had he been afraid to look up?
[Subaru: ––There it is.]
After more than an hour of backtracking, his hand that had been touching the ceiling brushes against the air and Subaru’s eyes sparkled. Standing up, he puts his arms up, and even when he puts his shoulders up they don’t hit the ceiling. There is a hole. The hole is more than twice as large as Subaru’s waist, and his body would fit through it easily. In other words, if he were to push up using his back and legs, he should be able to climb out.
[Subaru: ………………….]
A gentle breeze was flowing into the hole. Until now, Subaru had clung on only to the target that he had been pursuing: that is, the scent. It was flowing in from the wind above to the underground area below that he was in. There was no choice now but to climb up as Subaru had sniffed to make sure of it.
[Subaru: Ghh… Nhhh.. Fffff.]
Placing his body by the hole, he pushes his back against the wall. Of course, because the wall was made up of sand, if he makes even a slight mistake in the angle in which he applies his body weight, he risks the wall collapsing and his plan failing. Being careful not to do just that, he places his feet against the wall too. Subaru thrusts his feet and buttocks up, and slowly starts to climb out of the hole.
[Subaru: …………………]
Fortunately for him, the wall has some grooves embedded within it in some places, which to an extent help Subaru support himself as he makes his solitary climb. Perhaps, if you happened to be a person possessing superhuman physical ability, you could simply put your feet on one of the grooves and get out of the hole just by jumping.
[Subaru: *Puff*]
But, Subaru does not possess such physical abilities, thus he has no choice but to continue steadily climbing up. Still, it seemed like his body had been trained in the time which was unknown to him and was suited to withstand activities like this. He gradually adapts to his body having a new engine, just like as if he was getting used to driving a new car. He had gotten the hang of it by the time he had managed to pull half of himself out of the hole, and had established that he was a pretty good climber.
However, before being able to show the full extent of his strength–
[Subaru: –– I’m out.]
He doesn’t know roughly how many metres he had climbed up the wall, but if he were to take a look, he had climbed up to such a height that if he were to fall down he would die from the resulting fall. Finally, Subaru had succeeded in climbing up the wall.
[Subaru: ……………..]
He didn’t feel any great emotion about it as he thought he would have. That wasn’t down to him thinking anything tedious like “When you go and do it, this is how it is.”
“Climbing all the way up the wall was a piece of cake when faced with this”, that’s all he thought.
Pulling himself out of the hole, treading onto the fresh sand, Subaru stands up. And, taken aback, he mutters a brief word about the majestic structure that was standing in front of him.
[Subaru: –– A door.]
–– Right there in front of him, there was only a strange door standing there without relying on anything else for support.

※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
––Subaru was at loss at what to do about the door that was standing right in front of him.
[Subaru: I can see it.]
It seemed that the hole Subaru had gone through did not lead towards the surface. He was most likely still inside the cave – if there were different tiers to the cave, then the place he had probably dropped down to was B2F, and now he was at B1F. Rather than it being a large-scale area, the room was hidden by the means of something that you could call a stopgap. The room had nothing that resembled walls or floors, it only had a single door which was standing there stock still.
Could there be anyone at all who could fathom what this meant…?
[Subaru: –Other than me, that is.]
Whilst looking at the door, Subaru announces this with extreme arrogance. Placing his hand on his chest, and widening his eyes, he was clearly aware of what the door he had suddenly encountered was – it was his door.
He had a strange confidence about it. He was confident that this door was his own.
The draft that had flowed to the underground area he had been in, the scent that had been carried in by the breeze, he had followed it all the way here. Everything was bringing Natsuki Subaru to this place.
And now, the door that stood in front of his eyes was glowing. Even in the darkness it was asserting its presence; it was longing for the moment when Natsuki Subaru’s hand would open it.
[Subaru: …………….]
Subaru walks up to the door with a spring in his step, as if he was about to go and caress something beloved, like a sweetheart. It looked like a set of wooden double-doors that were about twice as high as Subaru. Straining his eyes, he can see that at the centre of the double-doors there was a doorknob that allowed it to be opened. He can also see a strange pattern in that particular area.
–– He can see seven jewels there.
[Subaru: ––Wha.]
Whilst looking at the jewels, Subaru touched the door. And just as he did, the jewels on the door started to shine – four of them.
Four of the seven jewels were shining brightly, welcoming Natsuki Subaru’s visit –
–– The door’s master did not admit the visit of those who didn’t possess the keys.

※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
…
–– In the wink of an eye, after he blinked, Subaru did not know where he was.
[Subaru: Wha.]
Breathing a sigh like as if he was stunned, Subaru looks down at his hands. He can see. Of course. There was light here, there was colour. He can see where he is standing. He is standing on a stone floor – there’s stone, on the floor.
[Subaru: ––Tch]
Subaru’s body stiffens as he looks around his surroundings in confusion. In his surroundings, there are reddish-brown walls, walls, walls – they were the walls of the circular tower. The huge door behind him leads to the outside. He was inside the tower – he was on the fifth floor of the Pleiades watchtower.
He had come back to the very place that he had tried to leave with determination.
[Subaru: There’s…]
…no way. He can’t continue. His words never come out. It must have happened just after he had blinked. In a split second, Subaru had ended up standing stock still in this place. He cannot break out of his shock, he feels dizzy and his feet start to wobble. He was barefoot, his shoes had come off. Subaru grinded his teeth together.
It isn’t the case that he is completely stunned by this place. He could run away right now – No.
[Subaru: Why should I run away?]
Subaru looked up above him with extreme fury, murky feelings were boiling up inside him. A burning hate like molten magma was zealously whirling inside Subaru without him even being aware of it.
His time alone had ended, the peaceful darkness had ended, clinging to that scent had ended – His hatred was one without rhyme or reason, towards the fact that everything he’d had there, had been wrenched away from him.
[Subaru: …………..]
Why does Subaru have to run away? Someone plans to kill him and had once, no twice taken his life. Why would he want to be in place, where they shamelessly masquerade as good people, hiding that fact under a guise of tranquility.
–– There are only suspects inside this tower.
Does he want the culprit to be inside? Did he escape because he couldn’t do it? He had been an idiot, he had been an idiot, he had been an idiot; he didn’t know anything.
––If whichever one of the suspects was the right one, then he could just crush them all until he found the right one.
[Subaru: ……………….]
Luckily, all of those bastards were careless around Subaru. He would find out whether it was only the culprit that would show caution around Subaru – though, the culprit has no way of knowing that he is suspected by Subaru. That is the advantage Subaru has here, having once died.
Once he had realized that he had died, he knew that someone was trying to kill him. The only thing he has to do is kill them before they commit that act of murder again.
[Subaru: Hah–]
A wicked smile appears on his face, and Subaru covers his mouth with his hand, stifling his laughter. The idea for his gratification had just suddenly leapt out from inside his head. Subaru had received a blessing from the heavens to pick up and rescue himself.
[Subaru: ………………….]
Then he needed some sort of weapon to set things straight swiftly.
Subaru rushes down the spiral staircase – he was going down towards the sixth floor below him.
The sixth floor was fuzzy in his memory, but he recalls that it is the lowermost floor of this tower. When Subaru and the others – No, when the original “Natsuki Subaru” and the others had come to the tower, they had borrowed on the strength of lizards to cross the desert, using things that looked rather like horse-drawn carriages. Of course, if there are such things lying about, they may come in useful for an “emergency.”
[Subaru: ……………..]
Subaru, had arrived at the lowermost floor and found the carriage he was looking for, however his feet had stopped there. The reason that he had reacted like that was because just beside the carriage – collapsed there was a huge lizard, already dead.
Its head was missing. Its body from the neck down was lying on the floor. Had the blow that had decapitated it been that powerful? The head that had been blown off was nowhere to be seen nearby. Instead, blood had flowed out of its huge body, staining the ground below. He found that a considerable amount of time had passed since this tragedy had occurred, since the blood had dried already.
[Subaru: –– the stingers.]
What Subaru had thought about in this moment was that it looked a lot like how the mysterious white stingers had blown up the head of the earthworm which had battled against him immediately after he had left the tower. This impression was consistent with the remains of the lizard that had collapsed here. Then that attack was from someone inside the tower – it was highly likely that it was one of the suspect’s attacks. Thus, the lizards themselves had been treated just like cattle, in their pitiful lack of burial too–
[Subaru: ––Does this mean they are not trying to hide their true colours anymore?]
It seemed like his opponent had been quick tempered, and rather than giving Subaru a chance to escape, they had instead delivered a decisive blow. Whilst trembling at this fact, Subaru went inside an intact carriage – it showed signs that it had been used as a place to sleep. Tearing through the inside, Subaru finds a big knife inside one of the baggage.
Dare he say it had some purpose; was it something similar to a survival knife? Rather than it being an all-out weapon, the large knife was probably good for cutting through obstacles – but, in this situation, it would still be a splendid weapon that would fulfil Subaru’s aims.
[Subaru: I don’t know who the enemy is, but…]
––He will show them.
With his body burning with dark feelings, Natsuki Subaru heads upstairs, knife in hand. A twisted smile curves across his cheeks, boosted by his hatred. If he wants to be saved, if he wants to escape, he must believe that anything he murders is justified; with that, he will go forward.
––Below his smiling cheeks, he doesn’t notice the tears of fear that are streaming down his face.

※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※


Chapter 43
Natsuki Subaru slowly continued up the stairway, stepping firmly as he continued up. With madness filling his eyes, fury raging in his chest, and a knife in one hand, he continued to walk up.
[Subaru: Kill, kill, kill, I’ll kill you. Definitely gonna kill you…]
That whisper, rather like a rasp, were the words of an endless curse. If power dwelled in the might of words, then the sheer amount of curses Subaru was spewing out would indeed bolster his deed.
“Kill”,  each time he said it aloud, he felt as if the power lodged in his knife increased.
[Subaru: Kill, kill, kill, kill, kill, kill…]
While muttering this, his sight would occasionally blur over.
Maybe it was a combination of his exhaustion from spending hours crawling around the area beneath the desert, and his fears. For a moment, Subaru’s head felt strangely heavy, making him shake his head a few times.
Now was not the time to collapse in a place like this, after all the place he was in was an environment full of people who were a danger to him. It was the sort of environment where he couldn’t tell between friend or foe. It was already an enemy’s den.
In order to protect himself, Subaru had to kill them. Otherwise, they would come to kill him.
[Subaru: Kill, kill, kill, kill, kill, kill…]
He didn’t want to kill them… he had to kill.
If the langage de l’âme here took the condition of using words correctly, then it was likely that the word “Kill” coming from Subaru’s mouth was not quite right.
If it truly reflected his feelings at heart, then the right word he should be using here wasn’t “Kill”.
――Rather, “I don’t want to die” would be more correct.
That’s why he’d made up his mind that the first thing he would do was kill anyone who appeared before him.
Natsuki Subaru reached the  4th floor of the tower.
And there he laid his eyes on that.
[Subaru: Hha]
He let out a short gasp.
His knife fell on the hard floor with a shrill clatter. his body was trembling. His fingers were stiff as rocks, unmoving. Subaru shrunk back, able only to shake his head slowly.
The smell of blood brimmed in the air, and the traces of a terrible fight that chilled even him.
The stone walls and floor were broken and smashed up; and standing there in the area that housed the lingering remains of such destruction was Subaru.
He looked at that, frozen in place.
――Shaula, her head crushed, was sprawled down on the floor, with her body a complete sight for sore eyes.

※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
Shaula’s corpse was in such a terrible state that it made him want to cover his eyes.
Her long brown hair which had been tied up was now was sprawled untidily across the floor. Her limbs were flumped about to her side energylessly, and what’s more, one of her arms had been sliced off at her elbows, the other at her wrist, with the severed parts nowhere in sight.
Her lustrous pale skin bore countless wounds, and a large amount of blood had been splattered nearby. The trail of blood continued further back down the aisleway and ended where she’d met her end, provind that the battle had been long fought and changed places many times.
Most likely it had been the wound to her head that had settled the fight and killed her―― Wound was too light of a word to use; that which had laid waste to her life was a lethal hole.
Maybe it could be said that someone had swung down a great hammer on her head.
He couldn’t think of any other barbaric way that her head would have been smashed in, scattered about, throwing its insides just about everywhere around. A tremendously huge blow from something had smashed up her head.
Shaula’s head had been smashed apart and completely destroyed. Though it had only been for a short while, he remembered how she’d unhesitatingly gotten closer to him and turned her genuine open smile at him…
[Subaru: … Bh]
Subaru sunk to his knees where he was, as he gazed at her remains aghast, in shock, in disbelief. The urge to vomit was unbearable, unable to stop himself, Subaru puked up the contents of his stomach. The contents of his stomach which had turned to gloop, mixed in with his gastric juices, splurged out of his body with an acrid smell to them. They even got onto Shaula’s remains further humiliating her in after-death after having died in such a gruesome manner.
[Subaru: Uu! Ghhh, Ghuuuu, blergh...]
Despite that, Subaru, while hunched over, continued to vomit, having no composure in himself to pay attention to how he was desecrating the dead.
He could do nothing more than let his throat open as wide as it could and spew out the burning sensation that pervaded him as he felt the pain of his stomach tightening and the unceasing feeling of wanting to vomit.
Finally, when he finished puking his guts out, Subaru threw himself down to the floor. He lay spread-eagled, staring up at the ceiling with his hands over his face.
It was the first time he’d seen someone’s death.
[“—“]
It was the first time Subaru had ever come face to face with a person’s corpse.
For most people, the first time they’d encounter someone’s death would be when an elderly relative would pass away. However, Subaru had never been to a funeral before, as his grandparents on both his mother’s and father’s side were still in good health.
He’d never come across anyone’s death in any other case either.
So, seeing someone else’s death like this for the first time was a real shock for Subaru. Even more so when the manner of her death had been so gruesome.
There are people who can have their lives taken away from them as cruelly as this as well, he thought.
[Subaru: Me too, huh]
Subaru muttered this to himself, and lifted his body up. He wiped away the vomit that was caked around his mouth with his sleeve and shook his head as his ears were ringing hard; then, using the wall to steady himself, he slowly stood up.
Subaru had been pushed in the back, knocking him far down the stairs.
His corpse too must have turned into a lump of grizzled meat, one which surely no one could bear to take a second look at. He himself had been unable to see his own corpse, and for that, he was slightly relieved.
There’d probably be no way he’d keep his sanity were he to see his own death with his own eyes, or the like.
The mere realisation of the fact that he had died was enough to shock him to the point where it felt like his heart was about to burst apart and shatter into tiny pieces.
[Subaru: Any…ways…]
Cutting his train of thought short, Subaru gained belief from the fact that she was dead, all the while trying his utmost to keep Shaula’s remains, who was strewn near him, out of his sight.
The fact was, there was still some terrible strife lurking within the tower. And at the same time, he understood all too well that this strife wasn’t aimed only at him, but also at some of the other members inside of the tower.
[“—“]
He felt sorry for the deceased Shaula, but he could also say this bode good news for him.
Now that he didn’t know who’d been the one that had killed him, Subaru wouldn’t be able to rest until he struck out all the suspects inside the tower. But, with her dying, that allowed him to strike off one of the names from his seven suspects.
Yet at the same time, the one who’d killed him was hostile with someone other than himself – Or at least, he could be sure that they were a dangerous individual who was trying to kill everyone in the tower.
In other words, there was a chance that someone other than him would kill the murderer who’d killed him.
Then all he ought to do is kill everyone who was left; then he’d be able to acquire some peace of mind.
If he were to kill the culprit who was trying to kill him, along with the potential candidates who might try and kill him, then, with only Subaru left behind in the tower, he should be able to indulge himself in some peace and respite.
[Subaru: In that sense… The ones in the way are Ram and Echidna, huh. It’d be easier if that damn Julius was dead too…]
With Meili and Beatrice being children, it would be pretty easy to off them, so he didn’t need to think too hard about them.
Emilia and, although she was dead, Shaula as well, should have been easy to catch off guard and kill in the sense that they never had their guards up around him.
However, Ram, who was always contrarian around him, and Echidna with how shrewd she was smelled like more trouble. Even if he did catch them off guard and killed them, those two would be the hardest to aim at: that was the impression he got.
It was tough to say about Julius, but in his case, he was worth his utmost vigilance considering he was the only other man. As cheesy as it was, it was indeed a problem that he carried a sword at his waist.
However on the flip side, there was also a chance that he’d be cornered down were he to take his sword. Subaru did Kendo, so it could perhaps be said that he’d have an advantage assured were he to snatch it away.
Also…
[Subaru: Above there… that fucking bastard.]
Subaru shook his head straight away having thought about eliminating that red haired man who was sitting on the upper floor of the tower under the guise of being an examiner.
It would be impossible to eliminate him. That thing was an untouchable superhuman being who lived outside of all reason.
By Natsuki Subaru’s common sense, it would be definitely impossible to beat him.
There were people here too that just couldn’t be killed.
The only saving grace was that it was hard to think that he’d be the being who’d pushed Subaru off. If it was him, he wouldn’t have tried to kill him in such a dull manner; that was the kind of pessimistic faith he had.
[“—“]
Subaru picked up his fallen knife, stepped over Shaula’s remains and turned towards the back.
For a moment, Subaru was at loss at whether to investigate her body for any clues, but he doubted that he would find anything that would be useful hidden inside her clothing as she was very scantily dressed. At the same time, his conscience was screaming at him on the matter of further disgracing the dead.
She was dead. The dead were no longer his enemies. She just had no luck. –That’s all there was to it.
Subaru didn’t even bother doing anything as admirable as clasping his hands together in prayer for her.
He left her behind there, and slowly walked further into the tower, masking his footsteps as he made his way deeper into the Fourth Floor, following the trail of destruction.
The tower had fallen into a deep silence, to point which not one sound could be heard; he however found that stillness rather noisy.
A high-pitched ringing noise was tormenting his mind, and he felt as if he could hear the sound of his blood flowing through his body. But, strangely enough, his heartbeat was steady, as if his initial agitation had been a lie.
Whilst going up  the 4th floor, the dark hatred that had boiled inside him still lay stuck to his chest like dirt that wouldn’t come off.
Even now, for the sake of his own survival, his willingness to murder everyone was unshaken.
He’d stab, gouge and take the life of the first person he would lay his eyes on. He was prepared to do that. Yet…
…Just after he turned around the corner, he found Echidna’s corpse with a diagonal slash across it; now he had no idea just how useful his resolve was going to be in this hellscape.

※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
Echidna’s body bore a wound from her right shoulder to her left side, as if she’d been cut down in one stroke with some sort of large blade.
[“—“]
And as he came to that conclusion, the first thing that popped into his mind was the sword Julius carried.
It was a cheap-looking, likely mass-produced sword, but certainly it ought to be plenty to have slashed through the body of a woman as delicate as Echidna. The question remained, he had no idea what reason Julius would have to kill Echidna.
When he had been introduced to them, Subaru had heard that Echidna and Julius had a relationship quite like one of a master and a dedicated servant. He’d heard there were some complicated circumstances involved, but in any case, they should have been quite close.
Of course, if Julius was some sort of psycho killer who wanted everyone in the tower dead, then perhaps those circumstances meant nothing at all.
[Subaru: Ua… ah… hgh.]
Using the wall to steady himself, Subaru once again succumbed to his stomach’s complaints before then lifting his head up.
The condition of her corpse was somewhat in a better state than Shaula’s. Even so, it was a sight that required nerve to witness without looking away; yet the way she’d died gave off a completely different impression to Shaula’s.
While it had seemed that after Shaula’s death her corpse had been abandoned, Echidna’s body left him with a sense that respect had been carried out towards the deceased.
Putting it bluntly, there was a white cloth that had been placed over her and her eyelids had been closed as well.
[“—“]
Considering the differences between the ways they’d been killed, there was a big discrepancy in the way the deceased had been treated afterwards.
Even just thinking which one of these was more normal in this situation made him feel like he was going to be driven crazy.
[Subaru: Echidna’s gone too…]
Subaru’s breath quivered, his voice went hoarse, and he couldn’t stop his arms and legs from shaking; in that state, he made just a mental note of the facts in front of him and plunged deeper into the tower in search of survivors to kill.
Though perhaps even the reason whether it was the living or the dead he searched for, or for what sake he searched for, had already become nebulous for him; yet, he walked on.
–Further inside the corridor, Subaru found Ram, her body having been blown away from behind.
Her body was in a wretched state, with a gaping hole between the ‘neath of her chest and her lower back. Her wound looked rather similar to that which had killed the Desert-Earthworm.
She’d probably ran down the corridor and been struck in the back as she’d tried to make her way elsewhere. He could sense a hate-tinged curse coming from her dead face, with her lips which were bitten, leaving behind regret.
Subaru vomited again.
In the hall where they’d explained the morning’s situation to him and eaten breakfast lay the dead bodies of Meili and Julius.
The state in which Julius had perished was one of the most striking ones yet. Traces of blows and cuts inflicted by incredible sharpness were plastered around his entire body. His left arm had been blown off at the elbow, and his wound had been crudely wrapped up and treated using a piece of a cloak. He couldn’t find a direct cause to his death. From the wounds across his body, he’d probably died of blood loss.
And had the reason he’d fought so desperately until that been for the sake of the little girl who’d collapsed behind him?
Subaru vomited yet again.
Meili, who had been slumped against the wall, with her hands around her belly, was the only one who had died with  a peaceful expression frozen on her face.
On her abdomen which was covered by her small palms was indeed a gash that was wet with bright red blood. Her cause of death was also probably due to blood loss. She’d been wounded, and subsequently lost her life whilst awaiting for salvation in this place.
And yet, the seemingly peaceful look that had adorned her face in death caused him to refuse to understand even a single bit.
Once again, Subaru vomited.
[“—“]
A corpse, another corpse, another corpse, another corpse, and yet another corpse.
There were corpses around. Only corpses. Only corpses lying around.
He couldn’t fathom what was going on.
The truth behind what was going on was unclear.
Ideally speaking, everyone other than Subaru dropping dead should have been the conditions that allowed him some repose. However, he couldn’t fathom why everyone was dead when he hadn’t even been around.
Poor Shaula with her head crushed and her whole body sliced up.
Echidna who’d been sliced from shoulder to side, had fallen due to a terrible blow.
Ram, whose body had been blown off from the back, died leaving behind her regret and curses.
Julius, who’d been left with scars all over his body of the fierce battle that had unfurled, and had eventually lost his life.
Meili, who’d just lost blood from her stomach wound, yielded peacefully to her slow death.
What must have happened for this to occur?
Would he even be able to accept this situation if someone was behind it?
[Subaru: Emilia, and Beatrice…]
He’d found five dead bodies, yet there were two suspects he hadn’t found. Had one of them, or both, conspired to make this happen?
Those two, who’d worried about Subaru when he’d woken up with no memories, at the very beginning; had they concealed killing intent and madness behind their demeanor and thus carried out these acts of murder?
He had found five dead bodies, white sheets covering four of them, with the exception of Shaula.
All of their bodies, bar Shaula’s, had been carefully lain to rest on the floor, and they’d even closed their eyes. Respect towards the dead had been shown there; only Shaula’s body didn’t have that.
In the first place, when the hell could this massacre have taken place?
[Subaru: The blood…]
Had dried up, he thought.
Barely keeping his footing, Subaru looked around for Emilia and Beatrice’s presences, which he’d yet not found in the tower, with each of the circumstances of the dead bodies popping up in his mind as he contemplated.
The choking stench of their blood along with the states each of their corpses had been in came back to him vividly.
It pierced through to the depths of his mind, causing his stomach to heave in pain; however, he was running out of stuff to hurl up. He was so parched that he couldn’t muster any spit to spit out the dregs of vomit inside his mouth and nary even a bead of cold sweat appeared.
Subaru’s body was completely parched ― dry, just like their blood.
There’d been a ton of it, despite blood being harder to dry than water.
It would take blood several, or even dozens of hours to dry, so he could consider that such an amount had passed already since the tragedy broke out. He himself had no idea how much time he’d spent wandering around beneath the desert, but enough time should have passed for that, or well, he wasn’t extremely sure.
Confusion and chaos.
The shackles of his marred awareness screamed at him to do something about this out of control situation.
He needed to earn his repose, he needed to find it; for that, he needed to reduce the number of suspects.
From the remaining two, if any of those criminals who’d brought this situation about were to die, he would be freed.
[“—“]
…He entered the Green Room. The black lizard caught eye of Subaru and gave out a cry.
It was the first time since he had came back to this tower that he had found a living creature.
[Subaru: Huh. What’s with this lizard]
Seeing that the lizard had survived, Subaru let out a parched smile.
He’d hoped that if he was going to meet someone, that it would be a corpse were possible; however, what damned use was it that the survivor he’d met here after all this was the lizard.
He gave a click of his tongue and turned around so to leave the room. He didn’t have anything to do in rooms where only lizards remained. However…
[Subaru: Quit following me!]
[“—“]
The black lizard, having shrunk down its massive body, had tried to follow in Subaru’s wake when he’d left the room.
It was surprisingly large when it stood up, as big as a horse. It plodded along, moving its sharp, clawed feet, following in Subaru’s wake. Unable to bear the tension, Subaru waved his arms and threatening it with spittle flying from his mouth.
[Subaru: It’s not like I’ve got the time to play with you right now! I need to kill all the damn survivors in this tower! If you get in my way…]
Whilst gripping the large knife in his hand, Subaru stared straight at the lizard. The sharp-featured lizard looked at it in his hand, but quickly turned its gaze back towards him.
[Subaru: Hh…..]
Subaru’s voice shook at the way they were ignoring his knife and instead were staring at him.
It’s as if they were undaunted by Subaru’s murderous hostilities. And that roused the animosity that had been uncomfortably smouldering inside his chest…
[Subaru: Don’t you fucking screw about with me!!]
Subaru swung his knife up and plunged it into the lizard as he cried out.
The tip of the knife plunged into its jet black scales. Though at first, the knife encountered a bit of resistance, he was able to easily push through it, thrusting it deep into the lizard’s body.
The lizard stood there, unmoving, with the knife stuck through the left side of its body. The blade dug into its flesh all the way to its hilt, with fresh blooding spilling out from its clearly serious wound.
[Subaru: How about…]
Subaru tried to continue by saying “this”, however he involuntarily let out a thin, ragged sigh.
For the first time, he had taken the action to try kill a living being. And although he felt excited by that fact, and the fact that his heart beating wildly had caused that, there’d been a different reason behind why he hadn’t been able to finish what he wanted to say.
[“—“]
[Subaru: Ah… uh…]
Even though the lizard had been stabbed by his knife, it remained unmoving, merely staring at Subaru.
It hadn’t reacted at all at having been stabbed deeply by his blade. Neither in pain, nor surprise. Merely the lizard’s sharp eyes stared at Natsuki Subaru’s handiwork.
Those lizard eyes, which he couldn’t read the emotions therein, were blaming Natsuki Subaru.
[Subaru: Shit… Shitshitshitshitshit! Whatthehellwhatthehellwhatthehell!]
Scratching his head, Subaru couldn’t stand it any longer and lost his shit.
Whilst shouting, Subaru took a step back, forgetting even to retrieve his knife that he’d stuck in the lizard.
–No, he didn’t have the courage to touch that knife. The lizard’s eyes were terrifying.
[Subaru: You, those guys except you… and those corpses! As well as those guys still living! Those guys who I don’t even know if they are alive or dead! What on earth are you all cooking up, what are you trying to do!?]
Despite knowing his words were pointless, Subaru still blurted them out to the lizard standing in front of him.
As he’d wandered throughout the tower, as he’d wandered through the pitch-black darkness of the underground, as he’d anguished at the fact that he’d been thrown into this world where he couldn’t make heads or tails out of it,  his gloomy emotions had built up.
[Subaru: I’m gonna kill every single one of these guys who tries to kill me! I’m gonna deny every single one who tries to depend on me! Don’t get me wrong! Don’t push your luck! It ain’t a damn joke… acting like you’re so close to me as you please!]
[“—“]
[Subaru: As if I give a damn about any of you! As if I give a damn about what every single one of you are thinking! Every one of you is pushing their own damned agenda on me…! If you all have your hands full with your ownselves! Then I’ve got my own hands full with myself as well!]
Shouting and screaming, Subaru began to shed tears without him even realising, falling down to his knees on the spot.
In front of him, the lizard wordlessly looked at him as his body shook and let out of ragged gasps. Subaru had crouched down and pressed his head to the floor, unable to see them.
[Subaru: Like just leave me alone…  Leave me be by myself…]
Subaru’s choked sobs vacantly echoed through the silent corridor.
How long had he spent like this? Several seconds? Dozens of seconds? Several minutes? He couldn’t find it in himself to move. But it was with his face pressed to the floor that he suddenly noticed – faint, really faint tremors, drawing near to him through the floor.
[Subaru: Ah.]
[Lizard: “–ϡ ϡ“]
Subaru lifted his face a moment later, seeing the lizard’s gaping maw in front of him. Lined with sharped fangs, her maw inched closer towards him. He looked at her, as if it wasn’t him in this situation, wondering whether they were going to chew his head up…
[Subaru: Huh…?]
The lizard picked up Subaru by his left shoulder using her mouth, and without wasting a moment, started to run. His body had been forcibly pulled up from the ground and lifted up. The lizard’s sharp fangs had bitten into his shoulder, causing a shriek of pain to escape his mouth.
[Subaru: Gh-, hyaaaaaah!]
They were going to kill him. He was probably going to be killed. Those were its intentions.
However, now that it had practically sunk its fangs into his shoulder, the fear he had towards the pain it brought was readily painted over by a feeling of cheap resignation. He was going to have his shoulder eaten, then his body, chewed up like that, and left to die.
To die being eaten by a living creature was one of the worst deaths Subaru could possibly imagine.
It was just after Subaru’s body began to tremble in fear at that presentiment, that…
[“—“]
The hallway that Subaru had just been in was blown away from beneath by an astonishing amount of black haze.
He hears a heavy impact which causes dust and debris to scatter around, the fog was overrunning the hallway, engulfing the ceiling, the walls, the floor… reaching out towards Subaru and Patrasche as if hunting for prey.
Made up of black shadows, it even looked like it had arms.
[Subaru: Shadowy Arms…]
In his mind, he briefly recalled the shape of the woman who had tormented him by the stairs. A woman who was drenched in shadows, her face was hidden by a black veil, had thoroughly played with his heart, engraving fear in him. The shadows that had been engulfing the room were akin to the ones that the woman wore.
It was laying waste to the tower’s passageway as it pleases―― chasing after the fleeing lizard and Subaru.
[Subaru: You…!]
The lizard didn’t answer, but with Subaru held in its mouth, it ran through the passageway at full gallop.
Subaru, who was looking in the opposite direction to where they were headed, could not see where they were desperately trying to flee to. Instead, he could only look straight at the menace of the looming shadow, making the blood inside his body freeze.
So it was either be devoured by that shadow, or meet a fate that would be more terrible than death.
Intuitively making his mind up, Subaru pushed himself further into the fangs of the lizard which were digging into his shoulder. His throat quivered in pain, but if he were to be shaken off, he’d be done for.
At this point, his hatred for the lizard, was no more than a pointless obsession.
[Lizard: “–ϡ ϡ“]
They heard the sound of the passageway exploding as the shadow blocked their way.
Taking a snap decision a split second later, the lizard turned back down the aisle, diving into a side-corridor just before they could be swallowed up by the shadow. They galloped at full-speed, trying to shake off the shadow that was surging towards them with the force of a muddy stream.
However, as they kept running away from the shadow, the area that appeared in front of them was…
[Subaru:… tch! The spiral staircase…!]
The huge spiral staircase which connected the fourth and fifth floors of the tower. Subaru was lost for words as they emerged there, in that area.
Naturally, he could see the fifth floor far off down below from the height they were at―― He did feel some of the fear of witnessing the scene where he’d fallen to his death before, but not only that.
Right below him, the staircase was being engulfed by the shadows of black, and was beginning to sink down. Meaning that the lower half of the tower was in the process of being enveloped by these colossal amounts of shadows, sinking it.
[Subaru: There’s no escaping down there… But there’s no escaping behind us as well…]
The bottom of the tower was already under the shadow’s control. The dark, muddy stream was looming towards them from the insides of the passageway that they’d fled from.
They were absolutely, completely cornered. All that was left, was the absurd choice of whether he’d be devoured by the shadows, or killed in some other manner.
[Subaru: “—“]
For a second, the idea of suicide flitted across his mind.
Wouldn’t it be much better to chose how he died, rather than be swallowed by those shadows. Perhaps for him, there was still possibilities remaining even if he were to die.
[Subaru: Ah, -urgh]
As soon as he thought about taking his own life, Subaru’s body started to tremble.
What if by some chance, choosing to kill himself would it end it here? What would he do then? He did sort of believe now that he was redoing things, but did he really have a guarantee that this would keep holding true?
Or, how could he say that this wasn’t a precognitive dream just like he’d thought at first. All the way up to the last time, he’d had some painful precognitive dreams. So, if this was his last one, then things would end for him here.
Why did he even have to die in the first place? He hadn’t done anything wrong. Why was he paying with his life here? Why he?
[Subaru: NO… I DON’T WANT TO DIE!]
Subaru yelled that out without any shame. There was no one in the tower who could hear him. Only the dead and the missing were here.
So, the only one who heard him was this jet-black lizard, who wasn’t a human being.
[Lizard: “–ϡ ϡ!”]
Whilst holding Subaru by its fangs, the lizard gave a choked, almighty roar.
Immediately, the lizard broke into a fierce sprint and leapt towards the void of the spiral staircase, so to give the muddy stream of tendrils looming behind them the slip.
[“—“]
Naturally, no matter how much momentum the leap carried, they would eventually lose it, with gravity catching them into a free-fall, to be swallowed by the shadows below. However, the lizard had come up with an ingenious idea to overcome this desperate situation.
[“—“]
The lizard dug two of its pointed feet into the tower wall. Of course, even if they were clinging to the wall, sooner or later they would fall… That is, if the wall was vertical.
The lizard ran frantically across the wall, letting out a roar.
The colossal tower was starting to tilt due to the shadows engulfing it from its base. The lizard scaled its way across the wall, which was lurching to its side, practically perpendicular.
[Subaru: N…No way…]
What was going on? Everything was swaying, Subaru could not make sense of what the complete picture here was. However, it was clear that this black lizard was spending its remaining strength trying to survive. He could clearly tell that they were giving it their all for that.
[Subaru: You…]
Suddenly, the dark stream of tendrils completely enveloped the place where the lizard had just been. It searched for signs of its prey that it had failed to swallow, and realised that they were running up the wall. It rushed towards them.
The lizard dodged aside a split second later, barely managing to avoid its attack. A violent shockwave and a fierce howling wind accompanied the attack, leaving behind a large hole in the side of the tower.
[“—“]
Without hesitating, the lizard slipped into the hole that had opened up in the wall.
Subaru was violently jolted left and right, losing his sense of balance, no longer able to perceive the world properly. Though, even among all this, he knew that the lizard’s drastic manoeuvres were to make sure that Subaru wasn’t hit by any of the shadow’s attacks. He also knew that they weren’t showing any consideration to the fact that their own body was being whittled away by the shadow.
They came out of the large hole. A sandy breeze immediately greeted him after, with darkness filling his field of view. He could feel the outside air against him.  Had they have jumped out of the tower?  Once again, the lizard ran up the tilting tower wall, frantically, frantically trying to escape from the shadow…
[Subaru: … Uwa!?]
The lizard’s thin neck was stooped over, and the next moment, a strong breeze buffeted them.
The lizard let go of Subaru, pulling its fangs out of his shoulders. Subaru’s eyes flashed in pain as he felt the sensation of the fangs being removed from his flesh. However, he ignored his pain, as well as the strong wind which was blowing against him. His body had been struck by something hard.
After being bumped around, tumbled about and thrown down, letting out a winded breath, Subaru opened his eyes.
He caught a glimpse of the night sky flickering in front of him.
[Subaru: Ah, Eh…?]
Subaru lifted himself up from the floor in a panic, the view he was seeing was far beyond what his imagination could comprehend.
He looked around at his surroundings. He was in an area that was made from the same stuff as the tower. Despite that, he was definitely outside. ――He could see that this space was attached to the outer wall of the tower, resembling something like a balcony.
They had gone through the hole, rushed up the wall, and thrown him here.
[Subaru: The lizard…!]
Shuddering, Subaru rushed over to where he’d tumbled down and looked beneath him. There, he witnessed the last moments of the lizard, who’d thrown him here.
… The falling lizard was swallowed up by the black shadows, which were even darker than its scales, and vanished from sight.
He had stabbed them with his knife due to his crazed anger, yet they’d not even cared about their pain and fear. They had brought Subaru up to this balcony, only to then be swallowed by the shadow.
Swallowed by those shadows, where a fate worse than death awaited.
[Subaru: What, what the hell]
What the hell. What the hell. What the hell.
Subaru had no idea what was going on anymore.
[Subaru: “—“]
He watched the bottom of the tower gradually get engulfed by the shadows, up on the balcony. Suddenly, a white bird perched itself at the edge of the balcony beside him.
The white bird looked at Subaru with unfeeling eyes– At the presence of the large bird, Subaru gasped out a “ha”.
The suspects who had died, the suspects who were nowhere to be seen, the lizard that had helped him at the cost of their life, and now, a white bird had suddenly appeared in this place―― Little by little, the tower was being swallowed by the shadow, disappearing in front of his eyes.
[“—“]
Feeling that the end was approaching, Subaru sat down in exhaustion.
He now understood that the lizard had been ever so desperately trying to save him. Even so, their expectations had been in vain… They’d just bought him a little more time before death dawned on him.
[“—“]
Still slumped down, Subaru suddenly lifted his head up. There was someone behind him. It wasn’t the bird, or the lizard, or the shadow.
The sign of someone living was standing there.
[Subaru: …The hell are you?]
Subaru asked this in a very faint tone of voice, having nary even the strength to look back behind.
The one who stood behind him laughed in response. Then, in a voice he’d never heard before,
[?: … next, try guessing, hero.]
For a second, Subaru heard a whooshing noise. Then his field of vision jumped up, and started to spin rapidly in front of him.
His body felt awfully light. He was soaring up into the sky like a bird. And then he realised what had happened.
The someone from behind had decapitated him.

※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
[Emilia: … Subaru! Hey, Subaru, are you okay?]
The connection between his head, that should have been lopped off, and the change in his consciousnesses happened in an instant.
Subaru woke up on a soft ivy bed. He was greeted by the chiming voice of a silver bell, along with its owner, having not found her, no matter how hard he’d searched.
[Subaru: Emi… lia…]
[Emilia: Oh, Subaru, thank goodness. You woke up. I was reaaally worried about you.]
Subaru opened his eyes slightly. In front of him, there was Emilia, a relieved expression resting on her face. She had her hand to her chest seeing Subaru wake up, with a smile grooved in her lips.
[“—“]
He looked at Emilia, her beautiful, slender neck was frightfully dazzling.
Feeling rather parched, Subaru wordlessly stretched out his hands over, around Emilia’s slender neck. It easily fit between Subaru’s hands.
[Emilia: Subaru, what’s the matter?]
Emilia was staring blankly, her eyes widened in surprise, with her neck having been grabbed by Subaru.
She was surprised by Subaru’s reaction, but she didn’t make any movements to try and get him off her. If he’d felt like it, he could have definitely ended up breaking her neck with ease, were he to just put some muscle into it.
Even though her life was held within Subaru’s grasp, Emilia’s reaction was awfully slow, moreover-
[Beatrice: Emilia, apparently it seems that Subaru is still half-asleep, I suppose. He’s acting all easy regardless of worrying us, in fact]
[Subaru: “—“]
Subaru let go of Emilia’s neck immediately as a voice called out to him from right beside him.
He glanced over, his eyes meeting Beatrice’s as she folded her short arms together by his bedside, her nostrils flaring in absolute shock. Emilia gave her a strained smile, and said, “Yeah,”
[Emilia: Though, it’s better for you to be half-asleep than it being anything else more serious. When I found you collapsed on the ground, Beatrice was nearly in tears.]
[Beatrice: You didn’t have to go and say that, I suppose!]
Beatrice’s face grew red, angered by Emilia’s unmalicious comment.
The two of them locked in that exchange had absolutely no idea what kind of urge had caught hold of Subaru just a moment ago. Before that, they’d shown no recognition of the situation being dangerous.
This was also evident in their attitude towards Subaru–,
[Subaru: …Meaning that I’m…]
Immediately after Subaru, after “Natsuki Subaru” had lost his memories―― That’s to say, as soon as Natsuki Subaru had realised that he’d been summoned to another world, he’d came back to this very place.
And, at the same time…
[???: “—ϡ“]
[Subaru: …! It’s you…]
Subaru hastily turned around at the sound of her whinny and breath, her figure coming into view.
Sitting docilely in one corner of the Green Room, was a large black creature―― The lizard, who’d done so much for him as he’d been on the verge of being swallowed by the shadow was sitting there, cool as you like.
[Beatrice: …I’m a little unsatisfied, in fact. Finding you should have been mine and Emilia’s exploit, I suppose.]
[Emilia: Hehe, no need to sulk about it. It’s great, isn’t it? Subaru and Patrasche get on reaaaally well.]
Behind him, Subaru could hear Beatrice and Emilia talking to one another.
Subaru did not care to join in; he was too busy tightly embracing the large body of the lizard in front of him, immensely thankful that they were here.
He was eternally grateful that back then they’d been the only one who had not tried to hurt Subaru.

※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※


Chapter 44
――Think.
Think, think, think, think, think, think, he must think.
[Subaru: ――――]
Natsuki Subaru kept thinking as he wrapped his arms around her whole body, which was lined by hard, rough scales. The things that had happened in his own body, the ridiculous events inside the tower, the people who were attempting to kill him, the people who were attempting to kill ones other than himself, distinguishing between friends and foe, and――.
[Beatrice: Subaru, is that enough, in fact? Have you calmed down, I suppose?]
[Subaru: ――――]
Subaru turned his head slowly towards the voice he had heard from behind him, which had interrupted his thoughts. Beatrice, the one who had called out to him, was sitting upon the ivy bed. The girl, who seemed to be making a pouty face was dangling her feet. Her hand was connected with Emilia’s who sat beside her. She was glaring at Subaru. ――Seeing that look, Subaru’s face stiffened a little.
[Emilia: Heeey, Beatrice. Don’t speak like that. I guess Subaru felt surprised when he woke up. I think it’s inevitable that he’d go hug Patrasche.]
However, Emilia smiled as she denied Subaru’s misguided thoughts. Hearing her point this out, Beatrice proceeded to suddenly turn away from Subaru and Emilia.
[Beatrice: It doesn’t mean I am angry, in fact. It’s not just to do with your sudden awakening, I suppose. Betty and Emilia were also worried for Subaru; the Earth Dragon isn’t the only one that worries about you, in fact.]
[Emilia: Hehe, yeah, I was really worried about you.]
Stroking Beatrice’s head with her still facing away from them, Emilia looked at Subaru and raised her eyebrows. Subaru held his breath as he looked into Emilia’s amethyst eyes. His chest gave a sharp pang to the deep, deep affection in her look. ――And at the same time, a strange sense of irritation grew in him.
He was reminded. They were hoping in “Natsuki Subaru”, the one that was here. He would feel uneasy were he not able to shoulder that burden. But, However…,
[Subaru: ――Errr, I am sorry to worry you all. I’m sorry, I heavily apologise. It is not like me to hug a girl that is half-asleep and this even, is a thing to hide my embarrassment.]
Relaxing his stiffened face, Subaru replied, whilst easing his face into a smile. To that answer, Beatrice and Emilia exchanged looks, and,
[Emilia: But… Patrasche is a girl as well you know?]
[Subaru: Eeeh!? Hey, wait, Patrasche is quite the special entry, or rather, the sort of target which we are bonded by different sorts of bonds, or rather, the top seed in an unconditional second round entry.]
[Beatrice: Hmph, that is unpardonable, I suppose. I don’t get why you’re only giving special treatment to that earth dragon. I would like an explanation, I suppose.]
[Subaru: Hey, don’t try to stand in the same ring as her! That Earth Dragon…]
Subaru returned his answer whilst looking carefully at Beatrice and Emilia’s reaction, as Beatrice’s face was growing ever more in displeasure. Receiving his answer, it seemed that the two of them did not feel like anything was out of place. Feeling relieved about that, Subaru turned his head to look towards the lizard―― No, to Patrasche, who he had been stroking.
[Subaru: Truly, only you are special, Patrasche.]
[Patrasche: ――――]
The black ground dragon closed its eyes, while letting out a small neigh, as Subaru placed his forehead against her head.

※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
[Emilia: So, Subaru, are you really feeling okay?]
[Subaru: Ah, yes, yes, I am okay, I am okay, no problemo at all. I’m sorry for worrying you all. I think perhaps the exhaustion got to me, and as things are rather the case with that, I must have accidentally fallen asleep.]
[Emilia: Yeah… but you’ll tell us if you are tired, right? Because, you can take it easy.]
Emilia brought this reminder to Subaru who had answered in tune whilst rotating his arms. Subaru answered back to those words with a lackadaisical “OKAY, Captain!” whilst immersing himself in full thought.
Subaru led Beatrice and Emilia now, and kept walking through the fourth floor of the tower. They were going to the fourth floor hall, their purpose was to dine―― In brief, the three of them were walking with their bodies not holding any urgent issues.
This time Subaru was determined to take a different approach from last time. That is… he would not confide to Emilia and the others about his amnesia.
[――――]
In other words, the situation would require Subaru to act as if he were impersonating another. Wetting his parched lips with his tongue as his strain exacerbated, Subaru had kept observing how things were around Emilia and the others.
Subaru had still not figured out what kind of character the “Natsuki Subaru” for the others was. It should be impossible to do something like tracing a stranger in such circumstances, but by all rights it should be a different story to “Impersonate Himself” in conditions that would otherwise not be established.
No matter where he went, “Natsuki Subaru” is simply just Natsuki Subaru.
Even if he had spent a year in this parallel world, Subaru knew that the fundamentals of human nature would remain unchanged in himself. Then, if he just paid heed to the relationship afterwards, then he should be able to trace the same sort of character to a good enough extent. And then, whilst tracing “Natsuki Subaru”, he would see what would happen now.
What happened in this tower? Who would kill him? And who was killed by who.
For now, Subaru would verify the likelihood of  the trigger that drove him to his own “death” by hiding his amnesia. In other words, would his opponent kill him because of his amnesia, or did it have nothing to do with that? Be that as it may, in all honesty, he didn’t have much expectations. Subaru’s lost memories―― it’s hard to imagine the situation with our without some troubles cropping up. However, of course there are exceptions.
[Subaru: The case in which the criminal would be a guy who would be troubled if my memories were to come back.]
Subaru remembered seeing it in a movie before. Eyewitnesses who had witnessed the murder scene lost their memory due to some sort of shock. The criminal who could observe the scene would be in trouble if their memories were to return. That’s why in the movie the criminal tried to kill the witnesses as well. It can definitely be thought that a similar situation was occurring to Subaru currently. Foremost, the circumstances in which Subaru had lost his memories were unclear――,
[Subaru: Emilia, did you find me collapsed in the third floor the library?]
[Emilia: Yeah, that’s right. You were on the floor of the library… Beatrice and I carried you to the Green Room in a great hurry.]
[Beatrice: Well, since it was Emilia that carried you, Betty was just there to help out behind her, in fact.]
Subaru gazed at Emilia’s slender arms as he received Beatrice’s supplementary explanation, laced with a sigh. If he were to settle down and think properly about it, it was a mystery to Subaru how these two people had carried him all the way back from the library to the Green Room. Beatrice didn’t give a single fragment of indication that she was suited to do any heavy lifting, and from what he had been told at face value, he was also wondering how this Emilia that believed in a fake had carried Subaru so easily.
[Emilia: What’s wrong?]
[Subaru: Eerrrr, nothing. Well, in any case, you were a great help. I’ve said it many times, but sorry to have troubled you.]
[Emilia: Not sorry, A thank you would be nicer.]
Bowing his head in apology, Emilia placed her palm on Subaru’s forehead as he tried to lower it. Subaru’s eyes widened at the touch of Emilia’s smooth fingers, hastily muttering out an: “I guess you’re right”.
As Subaru had thought so far, the feeling of distance between him and Emilia was a little too strong; therefore, he did not hesitate and let her touch him. Come to think of it, when Subaru had woken up, he had also placed his hands around her neck. Nevertheless, she was looking at Subaru with a peaceful expression.
[Subaru: No matter what kind of livelihood, I will always feel a great sense of distance with this girl…]
Or perhaps, Emilia, contrary to her awfully well-prepared appearance, was just all too used to strangeness? Surely, she is gentle to everyone as well, and probably she didn’t feel any barriers between anyone as a result of brought up and loved.
She was likely a girl who had been sheltered as a child, unaffected by any significant hardship–– with this impression, Subaru was satisfied with this sense of distance.
If someone isn’t burdened with even one regret, then they can believe in only the virtue of others, and keep your eyes all the time prim and beautiful. ――Or… was even that all just an act?
[――――]
Whilst looking at Emilia and Beatrice side by side, Subaru was deeply immersed within his thoughts. Simply, when he deconstructed it down to the bare-bones, when it came to Subaru’s last moments and tragedy in the tower within the last loop, the suspects most worth keeping an eye on were Emilia and Beatrice.
Subaru had seen the corpses of Shaula, Echidna, Ram, Julius and Meili. He had been saved by Patrasche and brought out of the lurching tower; however he had had his head lopped off by someone standing behind him, and lost his life. ――He had yet to see Beatrice or Emilia die.
Of course, even if the two of them had conspired together, then he didn’t know if the possibility of the killing of the five people still remained. Subaru’s diagnosis was that it was difficult. But, if for argument’s sake, another person existed―― if the number had increased to three, then the story probably changed.
[???: Next. Try and guess, hero.]
Subaru had no memory of the unknown voice which had spoken those words at the end. In the midst of the chaos, in the midst of the swirl of confusion, in the midst of despairing of wanting the end to come already, he had heard this voice. That, a third person cooperating with Emilia and Beatrice―― could that be the identity of an unseen third person that carried Subaru from the library to the Green Room? That’s why these two were spouting out such codswallop――,
[Emilia: Uh, Subaru, you are going too far.]
[Subaru: Huh?]
Apparently, Subaru had walked past the room whilst he was immersed in his own thoughts. Emilia had stopped in front of the room and had placed her arm on Subaru’s shoulder to prevent him from walking too far. In an instant, Subaru felt a peculiarly uncomfortable, and he looked at Emilia’s arm which had grabbed his shoulder. And then, he took her hand and shook it.
[Beatrice: Subaru? What on earth are you doing, I suppose?]
[Subaru: Ah, just a little experiment… Emilia, won’t you do a contest of strength with me?]
[Emilia: Eeh, but I think we’d better have it stop from being dangerous…]
There had been no sense of resistance when he had shook her hand itself, and Emilia had shown a sense of denial to the contest of strength. Seeing this behaviour, Subaru became more convinced and strongly said: “I ask this of you.” If Emilia’s arm indeed did not have the strength to carry Subaru, then his deduction from before would give him a fairly strong guarantee. So now, Emilia should not think that she is suspected. He would need to make best use of this advantage, a chance like this only existed right now.
[Subaru: I ask this of you, because it’s of utmost necessity.]
[Emilia: … Since Subaru sounds quite serious, it must be quite the important thing, right?]
Receiving Subaru’s supplication, the worried Emilia pursed her lips, and gave a nod with a determined look. Seeing that, Subaru clenched his fist with all his heart, saying: “Ready”. If after, he proved her weakness, then Subaru’s deduction would progress far further.
[Beatrice: Well, do something different like an arm-pull match instead so that it doesn’t become dangerous, in fact. is that okay, I suppose?]
[Subaru: Ah, that’s OK!]
[Emilia: Okay, got it!]
In accordance to Beatrice’s instructions, Subaru and Emilia shook hands, and made some space between them. They took each other’s right arm, and then the two of them stared into each other’s eyes.
And then――,
[Beatrice: Ready, go, in fact!] (TL: Note, interesting note maybe? Beatrice says this using Engrish. Probably something she picked from Subaru.)
On Beatrice’s signal, Subaru pulled Emilia’s arm with all his might.
[Subaru : Ooooooh!!]
His grip strength could crush apples, his grip strength could keep swinging a Kendo sword even with no target, his grip strength could keep on doing push-ups. The strength of a man against that of a woman’s–– he poured all of this into this battle.
――Yet, Emilia’s arm did not move an inch.

※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
Subaru’s deduction in which he doubted Beatrice and Emilia was set back to square one.
However, Subaru had only confirmed that Emilia and the others had carried him without the help of a third party. It didn’t mean that the suspicions of the two girls had been cleared away. Subaru had still yet to have seen the two girls’ corpses. The tower’s mass killings―― that situation’s criminal being different was something that was still not decided.
[Subaru: After all, is it purely the guy who came out in the end the one who is the criminal?]
They had certainly killed Subaru. But was that guy a criminal insofar to have carried out everyone’s mass-murders by those hands? As well as the shadows which had engulfed the tower? All the ones killed were each killed in different ways.  What becomes of that explanation. The ways they had died in was easy to understand merely from glimpsing. Echidna had suffered damage from a single stroke from something sharp. Julius had had several wounds piled up on him. And hadn’t Meili died from blood-loss?
There was no doubt that everyone had died in different manners, fighting someone. That should be it, but.
[???: So what the hell was that prank about?]
A voice called out as if amazed to Subaru who was deep in thought. That voice was Ram’s, who was finishing preparing breakfast. As she set up the table with water and preserved food, she demanded an explanation on the contest of strength with Emilia―― Subaru’s experiment which he had carried out.
The contest of strength which had been for determining proof of Subaru’s deduction had its curtain closed by the shape of his defeat to Emilia. It was Ram joining up with them in front of the hall which had given an impetus for its end. When she saw Subaru’s struggles, red in face, she had put an end to things with a curt: “Are you stupid?”
[Emilia: I was asked by Subaru, I don’t quite understand why but I am sure it had some reaaaallly important meaning to it. Isn’t that right, Subaru?]
[Ram: Is that so? The reason given to Ram, all I could see was wanting to hold Emilia-sama’s hand.]
[Subaru: You’re overthinking it! If you want, next time do you want to do a contest of strength with me!?]
[Ram: Disgusting]
[Subaru: Why!?]
Ram spoke her awfully cruel impression of him to Emilia who had tried to stick up for him. If he tried to dispel it, in an instant his position would get considerably worse. An undoubtedly vicious cycle.
[Ram: Hah!]
Giving a scornful laugh, Ram diverted her attention back to setting the table. Seeing her retreating figure, Subaru was secretly relieved that it seemed as if his current behaviour was did not give off anything that would feel out of place. It seemed as if he hadn’t yet taken an attitude which separated him from the “Natsuki Subaru” known by the girls.This made him feel relieved, and also amazed. Doing this, he mustn’t tip his awareness towards a different bearing, not even by a little――
[Subaru: Urp-!]
In an instant Subaru bore the vomiting sensation that suddenly welled up in him. Subaru put his hand to his mouth. Its cause was Ram who was diligently working with her back turned towards them. ――The girl’s retreating figure caused him to keep blinking with the manner of death scorching his eyelids.
Ram had received a blow from behind, in which part of her stomach had been blown apart, killing her.  The shadow of her death were coated with regret and anger, distorting and cursing her pitiful facial expression. A lamentation was etched into her soul which would attempt to tear any who witnessed it from limb to limb.  The owner of that corpse moved right before his eyes, and certainly was alive.
In all honesty, from the moment he first came across her at the hall, he had been desperate to accept a contradiction between reality and that uncomfortable feeling. He felt more or less relieved that he could use the lapse of dizziness he had experienced as an excuse thanks to his exertions  in the contest of strength with Emilia just before.
But, he had overlooked Ram’s facial expression.
[――――]
Grinding his teeth together, Subaru directs his awareness into getting back strong self-control. From then on, all of the people related to the tower one by one filed into the hall. He mustn’t overlook each of their expressions. ――Because that in itself would be the key to breaking the situation.
[???: Wooooah, what a nice smeeell~! A meal fit for a king in this refreshing morning! IIIII sure know I’mm living for this~!]
The first one of them showed up in the hall whilst saying out this stuff noisily. A beautiful woman whose long black braided hair was swinging about, who was unabashedly exposing most of her huge breasts―― Shaula showed up in the hall still with her head definitely attacked to her body.
She was looking at the meal which had been prepared by Ram, but, then she noticed Subaru within the room, and she spoke:
[Shaula: Master! Good morning! Did you sleep well yesterday~?]
All of a sudden, her facial expression lit up, and she rushed over towards where he was with the vigour of say, a puppy. And then, grabbing Subaru’s arm, she tightly embraced his chest.
[Subaru: Uh……]
[Shaula: By the way, IIII slept incredibly well! After such a long time, I had dreams and such from the former days~. Meeee and Master, and mother, and then and theen]
[Subaru: Aah, I getcha… wait. I will give a good listen to the story about your dream sometime… But, did you happen to see me this morning?]
[Shaula: Eeeeh, again with the awfully weightless questions? How typical of Master!]
Disentangling himself somehow from her arms which had embraced him, Subaru inquired this as he escaped from Shaula. In response to that, Shaula gave a cheerful laugh.
[Shaula: Honestly, what Master sees is no big deal! Just like the olden days, to me you’re always the sexiest guy! It’s a marriage proposal awaited for 400 years!]
[Subaru: Talk about patience. ……Generally speaking for that joke it’d be good if it is nothing.]
[Shaula: ――? Is that so? If so, I dooon’t mind as well~]
Without a desired response, Subaru withdrew his doubts regarding Shaula whilst sensing some relief mingled with some traces of discouragement. And, as he did,  the next suspect, Meili showed up in the room.
[Meili: *Yaawn*…. Good morning. I’m feeling sleepy this morning to~o]
The girl who came through the entrance gave a sweet yawn, covering her mouth with her hand. Even so, she had taken great care to upkeep her personal appearance, and he certainly admired the little girl’s sense of beauty. Greatly different to Subaru who was just content in ruffling his hair up, and washing his face. In any case――
[Subaru: Good morning, Meili! You overslept this morning, huh?]
[Meili: When slowing down and thinking about it, I feel like I have no reason to get up at the same time as Onee-san and the others. This tower doesn’t really have anything to do with me.]
[Beatrice: A girl whose proposing such ill-natured things, in fact. In general, unless Betty and the others complete the trials so to leave the tower, then you can’t leave this tower either, I suppose.]
[Meili: Well, that is true… but…]
Having a bone to pick with her yawning excuses, Meili pursed her lips at Beatrice’s opinion. As she said that, she shifted her attention to Shaula and Subaru who were near the wall. She gave a wave, accompanied by a smile. Seeing that, Subaru raised his eyebrow, and then he returned the wave.
[Subaru: Am I overthinking it as usual in having doubting even as far as a dead child…?]
[Shaula: Master, when troubled, you return back to the basis. Staring with from how you jab.]
[Subaru: ….What is that teaching?]
[Shaula: It’s Master’s teachings.]
[Subaru: It’s no wonder I thought it was useless.]
Listening to this monologue, Subaru dodged Shaula’s frivolities as he shuddered in his heart. In any case, he couldn’t get a response he desired even from Meili. Then, the only things which remained were just two more people who could test to see whether this plan was at all fruitful――
[??? : ――Good morning.]
With that, the last two people missing entered the room together. Echidna and Julius. Echidna, who was wrapped in a white fox scarf walked into the hall with Julius beside her. They each in turn greet Emilia, Ram and the others, and exchange words of good morning. Meanwhile.
[――]
Julius who had been walking behind Echidna saw Subaru standing near the back of the room, and his face stiffened. He suddenly averted his eyes and drove Subaru out of his awareness.
[Subaru: ――You?]
Julius’ reaction was quite close to one Subaru was seeking. And, as no one other person had shown such a reaction, it was very likely that he had no choice but to say that it was him who had displayed the most blunt reaction.
[Subaru: Shaula…, I have a small favour to ask you.]
Subaru faintly muttered this. The remains of hatred as if boiled with the flames of anger that would not extinguish were there.

※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
――The breakfast at the hall started and ended with the meeting regarding the explanation that Echidna = Anastasia.
As he made his face into something like as if hearing it for the first time to the surprised reactions of Emilia and the others, Subaru was impressed with the way the world had went ahead like so when he hadn’t talked about his amnesia. So far, mistaking what is reality and not had been piling up, and Subaru almost can’t comprehend his own special characteristics which make him “Return by Death.” However, just the same as time leaps that are often in fiction, the problems which do not involve Subaru will proceed the same as usual. He understood that changes in the affected problems were born.
In other words, up until the last time he had been involved in the core of their discussions due to his “amnesia”. The reality in which the individual called Echidna lodging in the body of the young girl called Anastasia had by no means been delved deeply into during their talks.
Even this time around, there would be no such thing like finding the problem’s solution or something that would reveal new facts. The changes are considered to occur only in Subaru’s actions. If he wanted to dramatically advance the situation, Subaru would need to proactively do stuff.
Therefore――
[Subaru: ――Julius, I’d like to have a couple of words with you]
Breakfast ended, and as they all tried to file out of the hall, Subaru called out to Julius so that he’d stop.Julius stopped in his tracks at that call, turning his head to look at Subaru. Subaru craned his neck up to look at him when they were facing each other, as Julius was quite tall. However, if he were to lose to that intimidating presence, Subaru would stick his chest out all the more as he and Julius glared at each other. Perceiving his disposition, Julius spilled a weary sigh from his thin lips, and said,
[Julius: What is it? Shouldn’t you rest until noon, as Emilia-sama suggested?]
Julius’ words were something he had gotten from Emilia’s proposal back at breakfast. Apparently, it seemed that Emilia had been worried about unseen fatigue wearing everyone down, and had taken up the opinion that Subaru had been exhausted and had slept in the library because of it.
In fact, although this wasn’t in Subaru’s memories, this party had just managed to cross the desert a few days ago. Though Subaru had failed to cross the desert in just a few steps, it would have probably relatively difficult to fulfill that. This too could be said to be a change caused from Subaru’s speech. Even trivial words sometimes can derail that day’s schedule. He must take care in what he says and does.
With that in his chest, Subaru would confront Julius head-on. And, tucking his chin in response to his words, he said.
[Subaru: I want to talk about last night.]
The effect of these words was immediate.
[――――]
Receiving Subaru’s words, great emotions floated in his yellow eyes. Seeing the immediate effect his response had brought, Subaru deepened his belief in his own deduction.
[Subaru: Come. Let’s change location.]
[Julius: ――All right.]
Julius followed along with a look of resignation at Subaru’s invitation, which he gave whilst jerking his chin. Just like that, Subaru led Julius and brought him to a suitable place for conversation in a room on the fourth floor. Naturally, it was a secret talk in which others couldn’t be allowed to but in.
[Subaru: Well,  I wonder where shall I start from…]
Inside this cramped room, Subaru turned his head around, and confronted Julius. There was a slight feeling of tension, but he didn’t want to make a mistake such as revealing that. The thought that he should to some extent stand emotionally superior allowed him to show his boldness. On the other hand, the way Julius looked was complex, reading what lay in heart was difficult. But, it seemed to be something that mustn’t be a feeling of composure, that had persisted from the place of breakfast before.
[Subaru: First of all, about last night]
To start things off, Subaru abruptly cut to the main point in an introductory manner. Currently, he has the emotional upper hand, but his opponent has an overwhelming advantage with what he knows. In the first place, Subaru didn’t really know all too much about what had transpired the night before. Nevertheless, perhaps last night, Subaru and Julius must have done something in the library. As a result of that “Something”, Subaru thought that perhaps he had lost his memories because of that.
[Julius: About last… night]
Repeating Subaru’s words, Julius closed his eyes, which were bordered by long eyelashes. Subaru consciously kept breathing out deep, long breaths as he stood in front of the handsome man. He mustn’t be overwhelmed.  At least, it’s that his feeling was to not lose.
[Julius: When it comes to that talk, we said it was a thing that ended at that place. At least, that’s what I was thinking, but is it different for you?]
[Subaru: ――. Aaah, not quite.  I mustn’t have grasped it.]
Seeing Julius join in the talk, Subaru replied in turn. Julius’ voice was devoid of any intonation, and so to speak he was careful so that he didn’t reveal more emotions than necessary. Of course, when it came to Subaru receiving that, he chose the option of snapping at it.
[Julius: Grasped it…? I see, well, that sounds just like you. In short, you’re saying you want me to postpone the feelings I hold, and solve the issues of your own self, is that? Isn’t that… a little too selfish?]
[Subaru: That’s a little off, and that’s not what we’re talking about. I’m certainly not happy with it, but are you trying to look happy about it? We’re both walking around with anger in our hearts, and you’re saying I have to look like nothing’s wrong? You think I could do that?]
[Julius: …Well then, exactly what other option is there?]
Julius had been quietly keeping a check on his emotions. But, little by little, emotion started to flow out from his voice. Subaru could feel Julius staring at him, with a furious gaze, Subaru of course was still unaware of the details behind Julius’ outburst.
What choice did Subaru want to hear? What kind of choice had Julius taken regarding Subaru with him holding such fury? And when it came to Subaru, how did he let Julius choose that choice.
[Julius: My feelings are as I said last night, and I am not going to keep mentioning it, since I hadn’t even noticed  you and Anastasia-sama… and your connivery with Echidna.]
[Subaru: Me and my connivery with Echidna…?]
An unexpected fact had leapt out, and this time it was Subaru who had been caught unawares. By the information he had at the present, Subaru was supposed to be part of a group with Emilia at the top. Julius and Echidna―― in their situation, he had been in a master and servant sort of role with Anastasia who was the original owner of Echidna’s body. He also heard that they were in an opposing sort of relationship with the girls, if he looked at the big picture. But, he had said Subaru had been conniving with Echidna.
[Julius: I know you did not have bad intentions doing that. Even if it’s Echidna, I can’t say it’s enough, but we spoke. She can be trusted… No, there is no other way but to trust her.]
[Subaru: … ]
[Julius: I have nothing except for pursuing that possibility in order to save Anastasia-sama. …..Even if we get her back, and even if that lady doesn’t remember me.]
Julius uttered these words, an awfully lonely tone of voice tinging his expression.
Subaru had heard about his circumstances as well. Just like Ram’s sleeping younger sister, and many people from many different towns, Julius too was afflicted by this. He had been told that they had faced an awful experience similar to a curse in which they are forgotten by others. Even if Echidna returned control to the rightful owner of the body, it would be highly unlikely that Anastasia would remember her knight, Julius.
Even so――
[Julius: ――I haven’t changed what I’ve set out to do, I don’t know what on earth you want to drag out from me, but let me tell you just this beforehand.]
[Subaru: What is it?]
[Julius: For goodness sake, please do not make me miserable in front of you again.]
As soon as Subaru heard Julius’s feeble voice, no words escaped him.
[――――]
However, in the back of his chest, there was just a feeling of discomposure. Subaru kept silent.  Julius took a look at Subaru, loosening his lips so that he could let out a faint sigh,
[Julius: It seems apparent this will be a barren exchange from here.]
Saying that, Julius turned to face away from Subaru and was about to leave the room. Then, just before leaving the room, Julius stopped just once. And whilst still not turning his head, he said:
[Julius: Last night’s talk that was said left me quite shocked. ――What ought I do, if you were to speak an apology?]
[Subaru: If I were to apologise…?]
[Julius: Back then, I wonder how I would’ve replied back to you. Though even that is something I don’t know anymore.]
Julius left the room, leaving behind the echo of self-derision in that mutter. After making sure that he wasn’t in sight, Subaru let out a long sigh. He suddenly felt exhausted, as if a great stone had been placed on his back. He was sweating copiously. He felt like he had become a vehemently detestable person.
[Shaula: ――Master, was that okay with you?]
Shaula showed up and peered into the room. Subaru let out a “Hah” seeing her quite indifferent manner. And then, placing his hand to his forehead, he nodded his head with a: “It was okay.”
[Subaru: In that state he is in, perhaps Julius didn’t have anything to do with the library. …But the distrust in myself sure grew still a little bit stronger.]
[Shaula: I don’t really get it, but was I useful for you Master?]
[Subaru: ――. Aah, indeed. Thanks to you, I was able to face Julius, and get some peace of mind.]
[Shaula: Hehehehe, That’s good~ Then, then, then, Master, Master…]
Shaula was delighted, she was making her body squirm, and her cheeks were blushed in red. She was making her way towards Subaru. And then, she nervously stretched her hands out,
[Shaula: I want a really tight hug as a reward!]
[Subaru: No way!]
[Shaula: Eeeeeeh!?  How mean! Master, didn’t you say you’d listen to what I’d say if I didn’t deviate from the reward level!?]
[Subaru: That wish goes far beyond my pure, and innocent heart…]
Subaru bluntly rejected Shaula’s excessive hopes and dreams for close skin-to-skin contact. Nonetheless, it was true that Shaula had been lying in wait, giving him enough composure in his heart to confront Julius.
When he had called out to Julius, Subaru had kept Shaula in wait in the adjoining room as backup. The reason he had chosen her was because between all of the other girls, she seemed to have the best athleticism, as well as that she seemed to listen to favours due to her likeability of Subaru. It was as a result of calculation that she seemed willing to help him without asking too many questions.
Other than that, from amongst the suspects, the girl, whose dead body he had found first, was the least likely to pose a danger from all of them.
In any case――,
[Subaru: My thoughts that it was Julius who was the opponent who stole my memories at the library was way off the mark…]
This morning, he had thought it was almost a certainty from his reaction when he’d seen Subaru. But, those line of thinking had been off. Despite what happened at the library, the Julius of some time ago didn’t really touch much on the incident in which his memories of him had gone. Having said that, his emotions were all too natural for an act.
It was quite uncertain what thing of speculation the connivery with Echidna was due to “Natsuki Subaru”. But, at least, it was a good enough reason for Subaru now to harbour distrust to the him of last night.  Before his memories had been lost, it seemed like there’d been quite the exchange of tempestuous words between him, Echidna and Julius,
[Subaru: You… what on earth were you doing, and who on earth targeted you, “Natsuki Subaru”….]
[Shaula: Maaaster, how about you jump to my chest? Come hug my busty body, Master.]
[Subaru: That wish is beyond naïve!]
[Shaula: Master is mean~!]
Speaking of things he had no clue about, Subaru also had no clue why Shaula showed him such a strange affection. Why did she dearly love Subaru to this extent? It appeared that Emilia, and everyone else around her, also had no clue why she did. It was said it was something to make convenient use of ――But, was it really like that?
His connivery with Echidna, the blurriness of last night’s deeds, and in the first place, his relationship with the girls―― And now, the being Subaru least knew of as far as he was concerned was “Natsuki Subaru”.  What kind of speculation did he face against the girls and guys?
[Subaru: Crap, my thoughts have come to a dead end… Let’s go where Patrasche is for a bit?]
For the time being, he wanted to go to place where could settle down and think. When thinking that, the first thing that came to the current Subaru’s mind as his greatest ally, was most certainly that jet-black earth dragon. There was no choice but to put his faith in the one who had staked their life protecting him, regardless of whether he had his memories or not.
[Shaula: Eeeh, that earth dragon~? That earth dragon… isn’t really my cup of tea since it keeps glaring at me.]
[Subaru: You… insults against Patrasche are unforgivable! Even if this world became a world in which anyone’s insults were permissible, I won’t forgive any insults at Patrasche.]
[Shaula: Master, how whipped does that dragon have you!?]
Shaula raised her voice into something like a shriek, but Subaru took absolutely no notice of it. In any case, it was because he now wanted to be lost in his thoughts in peace, by Patrasche’s side. At any rate, their original aim, the tower’s capture, would begin straight after lunch. Since he had concealed his amnesia, there would be no way of stopping it.
[Subaru: That’s why we’re parting here as well. See you in a bit.]
[Shaula: Uwaaah, you were colluding even for the reward. But even so, I caaaaan’t bear it. I’m a woman for Master’s convenience, that’s the meaning of my life.]
[Subaru: ――]
As he tried to leave the room, Shaula spoke this out, and gave him a cold goodbye. Receiving her words, Subaru held his breath. Whilst still keeping his back turned away from her, Subaru hung his head down, and closed his eyes.
[Subaru: Where in Natsuki Subaru is the worth in going that far?]
[Shaula: ――Master?]
[Subaru: ――hk! Ah, damn it!]
Unable to bear the irritation welling up in him, Subaru roughly scratched his head, and turned around so he was facing Shaula who was inclining her head. And then, walking towards the immobile girl, he stretched out both of his hands and with all of his might, he embraced her slender body.
[Shaula: ――hk]
[Subaru: You shouldn’t think of yourself as just a woman for convenience, or things like that. It was my bad.]
Subaru was going to end up becoming the same as “Natsuki Subaru” were he to just make a one-sided use of her. Shaula’s breath hitched and her body stiffened at the Subaru’s comportment who had refused to become like that.
Shaula was tall, approximately the same height as Subaru. But even so, her body which he had embraced was slender, supple and soft. There was quite the difference between her body, and that of his own body.
[Shaula: Ma… ster…]
[Subaru: You helped me out by being there. ….That is all.]
[Shaula: ――]
Around 30 seconds had passed hugging Shaula. Subaru slowly let go of her body. In all honesty, he felt awkward, but his sense of achievement was stronger. If he were to become a guy who just handed out gifts like that. If he were to become the same as “Natsuki Subaru”――
[Shaula: Maaster…]
Looking at the pensive Subaru, Shaula dizzily walked towards him, her cheeks fiercely blushing. Her eyes were wet with tears, her breathing was somewhat feverish, and she was gazing at Subaru’s lips,
[Shaula: Master, finally you’ve shown me some love…]
[Subaru: Beyond naïve!]
[Shaula: Gueh!]
Pushing her face away with his palm, Subaru snapped Shaula back to reality.

※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
[Subaru: Whether or not I reward you, you get carried away… What a difficult character…]
Subaru had somehow managed to calm down the aroused Shaula, and extracted himself out of the situation. He sighed.  Eventually,  Shaula had left, still in a dreamy state of mind, with the words: “It’s the mark of a good woman to see when it’s time to leave as well. A secret makes a woman a woman.” In all honesty, even though he had no clue what the meaning of this was, meddling into it would be all too bothersome.
[Subaru: Since sometimes, there are  things that you need not know in the world.]
In any case, contrary to such a careless act, Subaru’s situation was not looking great. At least, he expected what happened in the library to come to light if he pecked at Julius. But, as now it had missed its mark, he had once again returned back to square one. Or, as he had first posited, were the others not at all involved in Subaru’s missing memories? Though, it was just Ram’s facial expression that he hadn’t been able to check ――
[Subaru: She looked like she was in tears… but, I don’t know anymore if they were just crocodile tears…]
It had been Ram who had tried her hardest to not believe the story that Subaru had really lost his memories. Of course there was still the possibility that she had been acting; it’s not a possibility that she hadn’t been able to recognise some sort of participation happening, but there are no limits to these sorts of suggestions. If he doesn’t place his trust in something, then it’s certainly a fact that he can’t even start to doubt something. As far as Subaru is concerned, that basis was――
[Subaru: ――That means Patrasche now]
After asserting that, he was shocked at himself for being the conclusion of a person who fell into a pitfall of bearing complete mistrust for everyone around him. But in fact, it was true that that side of him was quite prominent. His “complete mistrust for everyone” was indescribable tantamount to it being deeply ingrained. And it wasn’t just to others, but now, he also couldn’t believe in himself.
[Subaru: Still, it might be more a blessing if I got to spend some time in a paradise in which just Patrasche and Earth Dragons are….]
[???: ――Ahh, I heard th~at!]
[Subaru: Wooah!?]
At the very moment in which he had been voicing these thoughts out loud, a young girl nimbly rushed out from the corner of the aisleway. The little girl was Meili, her blue braids swinging about as she stifled a giggle. Subaru wearily dropped his shoulders at the figure of the young girl when she had heard his dull thoughts voiced out.
[Subaru: It’s just something like a joke or nonsense. Surely you didn’t get that?]
[Meili: I’m su~re. But, I don’t particularly intend to laugh at them even if they’re Onii-san’s true feelings y~know. Because if there’s a place where you can just live with some bad animal-chans, then I think it’s something that one wouldn’t mind living there.]
[Subaru: ……Huh]
Whilst hearing Subaru fumbling excuses, Meili held her skirt by the hem in a gesture which Subaru cannot tell whether it’s meant to be elegant or wild. Even if he’d gotten an answer from that, he didn’t really know what sort of reply to give. However, it didn’t seem like she was pleased by that reply.
[Meili: Ah, si~nce I gave a vague answer. Since a person took the trouble to diligently give a speech, I thi~nk that not listening to it properly is the mark of a naughty child.]
[Subaru: That’s not much of an apology. … You’re alone? You aren’t with Beatrice?]
[Meili: No chance! Why would I be with Beatrice-chan? Bu~t, I think that is a question I’d rather ask of you, Onii-san.]
He had thought that the girls who were of a similar age would be hanging out together, yet it seemed that it was not so. Certainly, the times in which Beatrice had acted together with Emilia were many.――That’s why he treated his misgivings for the two of them as a set; he wasn’t able to think of them separately.
[Subaru: Well, still, that’s fine. Though, just so you know, I don’t have time to play with you. I’m sorry, but look elsewhere if you want to speak to someone. Shaula’s back there for example.]
[Meili: I could talk to my half-naked Onee-san, bu~t right now I have stuff to do with Onii-san.]
[Subaru: With me?]
Though Subaru didn’t want to be disturbed during the time he had set to plunge into his unavoidable brooding, in his secret “date” with Patrasche, he couldn’t help widen his eyes at Meili’s unexpected introduction. Thinking about it, the little girl was quite similar to Shaula, in that she was easy to talk to compared to Emilia and the others. Even in her last moments in the last loop, her corpse hadn’t been left in a mutilated state as far as it being too painful to even look at. Since she had looked as if she had died in her sleep, the shocking images don’t overlap with each other even when he’s directly opposite her. His heartbeat had calmed as well.
[Subaru: What is it? Is it quick?]
[Meili: Yeah, it wo~n’t take particularly long.]
Subaru felt an overwhelming sense of security; he lent out an ear to listen to Meili’s story. And then, seeing Subaru adjust his posture to indicate he was willing to listen, Meili placed a finger to her lips and licked the fingertip with her tongue. This somewhat alluring gesture did not fit her childish appearance. Subaru frowned at it.
[Meili: ――I wo~nder, just how seriously should I take what we talked about last night?]
This is what the little girl said to Subaru, whilst still smiling sweetly.

※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
.
[Subaru: ――Wh…a?]
Suddenly, Subaru was set free from the strange stoppage in his consciousness, and grasped his own neck. There was something in his throat like a feeling of acridity and breathlessness. He launched into a coughing fit.
[Subaru: Ack, Ack…]
Whilst touching his throat, Subaru coughed over and over again as he relished a sensation which felt similar to parched pain. And then, he suddenly took notice.
[Subaru: Huh… I…]
――What was it that he was doing?
Just before, he had for sure talked to Julius, then there had been that farce with Shaula, and after that he had tried to go to where Patrasche was. And, finally, he had met Meili halfway there――
[Subaru: OW…]
Subaru had been rubbing his arm as he was immersed in thought, he clucked his tongue in sharp pain. Looking down at his hand―― both of his hands. A bunch of scratchmarks were carved on the wrists of both his left and right hand. He realised that blood was oozing out of them.
[Subaru: TCH, What the hell is this…]
The wounds were relatively deep, but, the wounds themselves were irregular. Them being scratchmarks was not a bad guess, they could not be from a sharp blade. They were wounds which had been caused by someone digging their nails deeply into his flesh with all of their might. Where on earth had he got these wounds from――
[Subaru: ――Ah?]
Subaru looked around his surroundings to see if there was anything he could use as a bandage whilst grimacing in pain. And, he noticed that he was in a similar stone room like many of them on the fourth floor. And then, he finally noticed it.
[――――]
White feet were strewn on the floor. The feet were unmoving, the strength in them had fizzled out. He slowly shifted his gaze up from their feet; there was a skirt, and the upper part of their body… and then.
And then――
[Subaru: ――Wha?]
And then, right there, the figure of a little girl who didn’t even twitch had collapsed in front of him.
――Meili had collapsed in front of Subaru’s eyes, and she wasn’t breathing.

※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※


Chapter 45
Within the stone room, Subaru was gazing down at his hands in shock at seeing the small girl who lay limp just beneath his eyes.
[Subaru: ………………………………]
He could not understand what had just happened. His wrists were wounded, his throat felt acrid, and his heart was racing. However those things did not seem to be linked with his memory, he could only think of them was like glitches that had been born within the voids of his mind.
Apart from the physical evidence that remained, any traces of anyone had vanished. Only one thing was certain, only one thing –
– The light within the little girl’s eyes that lay in front of him had been extinguished.
[Subaru: … gh, it’s still too early to give up.]
Subaru shook his head and rushed over towards the girl who was lying face up. His feet, with each step he took, were heavy, and his movements were sluggish, as if the soles of his shoes were glued to the floor. Somehow he managed to peel his shoes off the floor and stooped down beside the girl – Meili.
[Subaru: …………………………]
Meili lay there motionless, in spread-eagled fashion with her mouth half-open. She had an expression that seemed like one of shock frozen on her face and her lightless eyes seemed to be out of focus.
The girl had always given off a hard to figure out impression, however her figure now only made that impression stronger…
[Subaru: Mei, Meili… oy, Meili!]
He called out to her. But there was no reaction.
Since his appeal had not roused her, Subaru shook her shoulders and tried to lightly slap her face in the hopes of seeing a response. But yet again, there was no response from her. Her eyelids which had remained open did not even blink.
[Subaru: Me…]
Stopping himself, Subaru took a deep breath and decides that he will try to resuscitate her using what he recalls. Putting his hands on her chest, he remembered learning about how to administer emergency chest compressions. He remembered that the heart’s position was about two fingers length away from the top of the stomach and such. With this in mind, he started to push his palms down on her chest.
[Subaru: Haa… haaaaa…! Meili! Hey, Meili!]
[“…………………………..”]
[Subaru: Fuck!]
There was no reply. With a pale face, her body feebly shook. Cursing the situation he was in, Subaru brought her head up and secured her airway in preparation for giving her mouth-to-mouth resuscitation. The process of CPR included administering both chest compressions and performing mouth-to-mouth resuscitation.
[Subaru: What next. There’s something else. What is it, what is it, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, FUCK!]
Desperately clawing at his memory, Subaru searches for anything else that he could do. However, he had obtained this smattering of knowledge from watching TV; in the end it was only half-complete. The more desperately he tried to resuscitate her, the more Subaru’s arms succumbed to fatigue and the more it started to feel like a fruitless attempt.
Simply, in the end, he was repeating over and over again the actions of chest compressions, followed by mouth-to-mouth. He could not feel any trace of a heartbeat against his palms whilst he pressed down on her chest. He could not get any response from the girl’s body even when he was breathing air into her lungs. Continuing to administer CPR to the limit of his strength, he –
[Subaru: Damn. It.]
Subaru fell back towards the ground, breathing in exhaustion and sweating profusely from his forehead.
[Subaru: Aaah… aah… fuck, fuuuck…!]
Clutching his fringe in frustration, Subaru could only swear. Meili had not shown any signs of breathing. His first impression had been correct. The light within this little girl’s eyes would never shine again.
… Meili had died.
Ruthlessly, fate had snatched away this young girl’s life so cruelly. Such an expression was mere consolation and was not suitable in this place. It hadn’t been fate that had killed her. She had been murdered by someone.
Meili’s neck was blemished by a series of bluish-black bruises, serving as proof.
[Subaru: …………………]
Catching his breath and filled with regret, Subaru looks towards his hands. Until now both of those hands had been used in an attempt to save Meili’s life – on his wrists, both his left wrist and his right wrist there were numerous amounts of scratches grooved into them as if done by fingernails. Quite entirely as if someone had scratched and clawed at them with all their might as if it was a life and death situation. He wasn’t so ignorant to not understand what it meant.
[Subaru: ……………………]
Subaru gets up and goes to fix Meili’s dishevelled appearance. He adjusts her clothing, crosses her arms across her chest, and closes her eyelids. And, whilst he was paying his respects to her corpse, he gently placed his hand against her thin neck.
Sensing a bad feeling about this, he traces his fingers against the bluish-black hues left on Meili’s neck.
[Subaru: … a perfect match.]
His parched muttering came without any strength or surprise, and it only reaffirmed this fact. The bruises left on Meili’s neck looked like they had been caused by fingers – and the shapes of those fingers matched exactly with Subaru’s fingers to the untrained eye.
No longer would he doubt the facts here.
Meili had been strangled to death –
And the culprit was no other than –
[Subaru: ……u, gha]
As soon as he had realised this fact, the feeling of wanting to vomit ran up his throat. He turned his face quickly and rolled to the side so he could avoid befouling Meili’s body. It had only been a short while in which Subaru’s breakfast had been in his stomach, and that was what came out. Emptying his stomach’s contents onto the floor, he vomited until his stomach is completely empty.
[Subaru: I’m. really. done. puking.]
Wiping his mouth with his sleeve, he mocks himself. In fact he couldn’t remember how many times he had vomited now. This may have been the first time today, but the day last time had been a terrible amount of times. He felt that as of now he wouldn’t be able to stomach any food anymore. Subaru felt like apologizing with all his heart to all the farmers around the country.
His mind would likely crack and break into little pieces if he wasn’t conscious of thinking such absurd thoughts.
[Subaru: ………………]
The circumstantial evidence present matched too well. There had been two people in the room, and the bruises on Meili’s neck matched Subaru’s fingers. Subaru isn’t optimistic enough to believe that he could escape the blame in this situation.
He didn’t even think someone had framed him.
You don’t need to add another person’s hands to create this situation. If someone had framed him here, then this place transcended all known dimensions. If hands are needed to create this nightmare, then it is only two you need. Since Natsuki Subaru possesses two arms, then surely that is enough?
[Subaru: … I don’t understand the meaning of this.]
Having accepted this reality head-on, Subaru put his lack of understanding into words. Inexplicable, baffling, incomplete, regardless of the term used to describe this scene, it would be impossible to reproduce it – he can only conclude that the crime was done by Natsuki Subaru. However, Subaru did not hold such a memory within himself.
[Subaru: What happened, what happened? Remember. Remember, remember, remember…]
He stood up and walked around the room, trying to wrench open his memories. He had died, then woke up and seen Emilia, Beatrice and Patrasche. He had hid that he had lost his memories from them and then eaten breakfast. He had tried to interrogate Julius whilst Shaula secretly kept an eye on them, before then hugging her. Then he came across Meili in the corridor.
Finally, Meili said she had some business with him, and wanted to talk to him about something…
[Subaru: Last night, she mentioned last night…]
Subaru frowns as he vaguely recalls Meili’s words. However, shortly after she had tried to talk about it, Subaru had slipped out of consciousness. The words she had said had shattered into a thousand pieces just like the thoughts that you can get whilst you are on the verge of falling asleep.
[Subaru: Night, I was asked about the night. On that I am sure. Before I woke up or before I went to bed? Either way, she asked me about one or the other… and then?]
From there, he doesn’t know anymore.
The only thing he can fathom about the contents of what Meili had asked Subaru was that it was related to his “Evening Excursion.”1. Something he too wanted to know about.
Emilia and such had told him that this morning Subaru had been found collapsed in the library. Subaru’s behaviour in the night before he had collapsed was completely unknown to him. At least now there was no doubt that the incident was related to his memory loss. And surely, Meili remembered what Subaru had forgotten; there happened to be some connection, on that there was no mistake –
[Subaru: She’s dead. And I strangled her…? Why did I do such a thing…?]
If he looked down at both of his hands, although not present in his memories, he felt that it revived a raw sensation in his palms. Both arms had squeezed her neck until her breath had stopped. There was evidence on his wrists that showed that Meili had desperately tried to resist. If he looked carefully, on Meili’s fingernails there was blood left in them, and the evidence of a fight. Very deep fingernail marks had been left there on his arms; he couldn’t help but feel like this had been the echo of deep-seated resentment that the little girl had left behind.
[Subaru: … ah?]
Subaru’s thinking which had been gripped by the reins of delusion – suddenly he let out a hoarse gasp. He had gasped as if he’d been taken aback by something. The cause was due to his arm. It was not the wounds at the vicinity of his wrist which he was staring at. He was looking at his right hand’s fingernails.
Just like Meili, his fingernails were jam-packed with blood and skin as if he had scratched someone.
[Subaru: ……………………]
With these baffling bloodstains in mind, Subaru turned to face Meili’s corpse again. Showing respect to her death, he had fixed up her dishevelled appearance. It wasn’t a great consolation, but except for her bluish-black bruises on her neck, the little girl’s corpse still looked cute just as she did when she was alive. At least there were no traces of any fingernail scars visible on her body. Subaru’s fingernails were unkempt and hideous, and there were no traces of such pitiful gouge-marks on her body.
Then the remains of skin and blood left stuffed inside his nails – What were these vestiges of harmful intent?
[Subaru: … no way.]
He looked down at the arm that had been hurting him; Subaru’s lips quiver as he gets a bad feeling about it. Fresh in his mind was the fact that from the elbow of his right arm, there was a grotesque black coloration to it. But it had been his left arm that was throbbing in pain.
Subaru starts to slowly roll up his sleeve, unrolling all the way up to the inside of his elbow, where the source of the pain was coming from. He feels the fabric trying to stick to his arm as dried blood peels off as he continues to unroll his sleeve. Taking a sharp breath, Subaru finishes unrolling his sleeves all the way to his shoulder. There he saw his own left arm bleeding quite a bit. Subaru let out the breath he’d taken.
[Subaru: …………]
He scrapes away the dark-red blood that was dirtying his arm with his fingers, and gazed at the wound that had been bringing him this pain.
As he had imagined, there were scratches in his skin, as if it had been carved by his own right hand. From the inside of his elbow all the way to his upper arm, there was a wound which had been painfully carved into it. However, it was not merely just an ordinary wound.
There are characters.
Carved there on his flesh by fingernails are some crudely etched characters.
Engraved there, it said:
– “Natsuki Subaru was here.” 2
[Subaru: … ahh]
It was as if his breath had been knocked out of him. Subaru wiped the scar left on his left arm with his fingers to see if he had been mistaken. Over and over again. Once the flow of blood had stopped he rubbed the wound once more and confirmed it.
There was no other way of reading it. No matter how he looked at it, it was written as “Natsuki Subaru was here.”
The handwriting was messy, written in Japanese, and said: Natsuki Subaru was here.
It was easy to understand. It was a very easy to understand self-assertion. It was like when the criminal left evidence at the scene of the crime as proof of his own crime. Leaving behind the name had clearly conveyed who had committed this crime. How kind of him, what ambition, oh how must he have craved being in the limelight –
[Subaru: You… What is it with you!?]
In the face of such unacceptable facts, Subaru’s voice shook as he shouted out in grief. Shaking his left arm, and keeping it far away from him whilst turning his face away from it, his feet ended up getting tangled. He fell flat on his backside. Subaru’s left arm hit the floor and his teeth clattered together. Many, many times he banged his arm on the floor over and over again. He bit his lip as the pain in his bone resounded, blood starts to pool out of his mouth.
But even so, the reality of the situation will not change. The wounds on his arms will not disappear.
[Subaru: This wasn’t there! There was no such wound here!]
Shaking his head in refusal, Subaru cries out this appeal that his wound was something after he lost consciousness, in the room where there only the motionless Meili lay. The wound on his left arm had been newly created – he had never noticed it before. Someone had strangled Meili, and had scratched him as well – no, it wasn’t that.
No, no! That was absolutely wrong. It’s all wrong. Admit it. Understand it. He ought to know. It wasn’t someone else. It wasn’t performed by another being – this crime had been committed by Natsuki Subaru.
It wasn’t Subaru, it was “Natsuki Subaru” who killed Meili and carved this medal in his arm to show off his achievement.
[Subaru: Cr…azy.]
Insane. Crazy. It seems he is going insane… is “Natsuki Subaru” the name of a monster that he just couldn’t comprehend.
[Subaru: ………………………]
This was not the first time Subaru had held great distrust of “Natsuki Subaru”.
“Natsuki Subaru” obviously repeats actions that make no sense, starting with his unusual behaviour of the night before which still hadn’t been answered.
When he had ended up questioning Julius, he had heard from him of Echidna’s misdeeds with him and how those actions had driven Julius into some sort of mental anguish… The Subaru that came back from the convenience store and the “Natsuki Subaru” here no longer resembled the same person. As if it was a counterfeit version of him. 3
Subaru was seriously convinced that his body possessed a completely different being inside it.
[Subaru: But, that’s not right…]
Although it annoys him to, if he pays close attention to the scar engraved on his left arm, he can’t deny his suspicion. His name was engraved on his arm. Of course, it was quite different from how he’d write it using a pen or a brush. However, there was a certain peculiarity within how the letters were written. Specifically, there was a certain habit that Subaru had when writing his calligraphy. Unless you were to deliberately copy them, it would be practically impossible for someone else to have coincidentally written it like this.
In other words, it was unmistakable that Subaru’s handwriting and “Natsuki Subaru’s” handwriting had the same origin.
As soon as he had noticed that, the facts had become clear.
That is –
[Subaru: – when I lost my consciousness, was “Natsuki Subaru” returning?]
And then that “Natsuki Subaru” had had some form of argument with Meili and ended up killing her. He had then left that fact behind in his arm and then hidden back in the confines of his consciousness…? Just that, he truly did not understand.
[Subaru: Why are you using my body when you have your o… why… my… no, what on earth am I? What are you planning to do!? Who the hell are you…]
Clutching his face, Subaru’s voice trembles as he mutters this. In this different world in which he has no allies. In this different world in which he doesn’t know who the enemy is. In this different world where he can’t tell between friend and foe. In the end, Subaru had removed even himself from the frame of innocence.
[Subaru: ………………]
He was staggering around, barely able to keep upright as the feeling of anxiety overwhelms his heart. Subaru tries to take long, deep breaths to ward off this overpowering feeling.
He can’t remain calm. His mind was in complete disarray. But, as it was currently, he didn’t want to be brandished about by whatever intentions “Natsuki Subaru” had without knowing about them.
So –
[Subaru: – who are you?]
Whilst muttering words of hatred at the impossibility which was reflected in his arm, Subaru placed his left index fingernail against his right arm. He placed it right against the grotesque looking skin and started to scratch that into his arm.
Red blood droplets were oozing from his black skin. He thought that it was ironic that the blood that flowed from his black skin was red.

※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※


Chapter 46
――A painful red drop of blood drips down his right arm with the black spots pattern.
Call it fortune or whatever you want but his wound had stopped bleeding faster than expected, but still, if he applies force to it, his wound will open again, but he didn’t care about that too much.
Dig your nails in, and you’ll feel pain. Do it hard, and you’ll tear the skin, and blood will flow. Even though it felt like the blood from that wound had stopped quickly, it really didn’t feel that different.
Subaru:「――――」
Without paying much attention to the fresh, self inflicted wound on his right arm, he proceeds to wipe the blood from his palm and then pulls down his sleeve to conceal the hideous message carved on his left arm.
Subaru:「In any case, I need to hurry……」
Already he had wasted quite a lot of time in this room. Meili’s corpse was still lying in the middle of the room, but at least  there no longer was any trace of what he had done to her.
If he could he would have liked to avoid defiling her corpse even more but….
—There is still one last thing he must do.
Subaru:「――――」
Using both of his arms, Subaru drags the girl’s light body to a corner of the room.
There, he finds what could be called a table made of stone, or maybe it might have been beddings. For now, he gently hid Meili’s dead body behind where the hewed square stone slab was placed.
――Sorry, though apologizing to Meili from the bottom of his heart, Subaru concealed her fate.
After all, how would he explain that it wasn’t him to everyone and that the culprit is『Natsuki Subaru』 and even if he could, who would believe such a thing?
Subaru:「I can’t defend myself or do anything, even if I wasn’t the one who… killed Meili. The murder was carried out with my own hands.」
He’s not aware about how criminal investigations are handled in this world. but if someone were to see Meili’s nails and the wounds on Subaru’s wrists, no one would doubt that he was guilty and trying to appeal would be futile.
If it ever comes to that, the only thing he can do is try to avoid the trial—No, he already covered up the crime.
He was aware that the course of actions he took isn’t the right one. However, he had no other option. ――He no longer knew who he could trust, who could he doubt.
However if there is a single thing that he is convinced of, it’s–
Subaru:「Next time we meet, Meili… you will be the only one I won’t suspect.」
Crushed, then strangled. This is the second time Subaru finds Meili already dead.
Aside from a few others, she was the least suspicious. But it doesn’t matter anymore, Subaru won’t be able to get any kind of information from her.
The Closed Circle Mystery, in other words, it is known that the criminal is one of the people present, and the crime could not have been committed by some outsider, what a cliché….
However, as a detective, Natsuki Subaru is equipped with an illegal power:『Return by Death』which causes time to be rewound whenever he is killed. Anyone, no matter how useless, could become a renowned detective capable of dealing with any tragedy with this power.
Subaru:「Though the Detective being the culprit is also something predictable of these mystery tropes. 」
It’s regrettable, no matter how great 『Return by Death』might be, probably『Natsuki Subaru』is just waiting to make his next move, even if the situation gets redone many times, stopping Him may prove a very difficult task.
The detective having a different personality in which he is a criminal, is a pretty tired mystery trope. But you would think that in real life if the detective just threw himself off a cliff the problem would be solved right?
『Return by Death』and 『The detective himself is the culprit』, when both of these met the situation became unsolvable. A so called, inescapable helix maze.
「This isn’t the time to be talking…….!  In any case, right now I gotta buy time.」
It’s not a problem that will be solved with time, there’s definitely something that brings back time.
Believing in that, Subaru wished to be freed from this dead end, and then stood up.
「――――」
Leaving those circumstances aside, He caressed Meili’s forehead just one last time. Surely, she wouldn’t want him to touch her anymore.
Her forehead felt cold to the touch, as if she was rejecting Subaru.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
And, after despairingly concealing Meili’s murder, Subaru leaves the room. Then, looking at the right and left of the aisle, as he left the site slowly――、
???:「――Ah, Subaru! Thank god, so you were here.」
Subaru:「――tch！？」
It was Emilia’s sudden voice that made Subaru’s shoulder shiver, as he turned back to look at her. She was just taking a stroll, and she tilts her head to Subaru whose cheeks had turned rigid,
Emilia:「Sorry, did I scare you ?」
Subaru:「――I-I was surprised, that’s, we~ll, that’s, you know. It’s just because it was so sudden. What happened, Emilia-chan?」
Emilia:「――？　I was just walking around the tower, to see whether I could do something. Rather than that, Subaru.」
Subaru:「Yeah？」
Emilia:「Just now, were you playing around again？」
Subaru inhales sharply at hearing Emilia’s mysterious question.
Her amethyst eyes were staring right at Subaru, but Subaru didn’t know the meaning of her question.
It was true that his voice was shaking, but what he said was supposed to be an incomplete answer that would still suffice.
「――――」
Well, rather than Emilia’s gleeful eyes, Subaru tasted a sense of uncomfortableness, and gulped down his bitter spit.
In the room behind them lies Meili’s dead body, cold and lifeless. Although he made sure to keep it out of plain sight, were someone to search through the room, her body would be discovered within minutes.
So, leaving this place was his top priority.
Subaru:「Sorry, I need to go the washroom for a second.」
Emilia:「Ah, sure.」
Hurriedly leaving the room, Subaru left words that could easily be misunderstood. He must get away from Emilia as soon as possible and kill time as much as he can.
From there, he could take care of the wound on his right arm――、
Subaru:「Eh, Emilia-chan? I am going to the washroom. Why are you coming with me？」
Emilia:「Eh? I mean, we all will get together for lunch anyway, so don’t you think it would be nice if we’re together for a while? Don’t worry, I’ll be outside the door.」
Subaru:「I’m not worried about you hearing the sound of peeing but……」
Emilia stands in front of Subaru, who wanted to part ways with her, and looks at his face.
Speaking of justice is just an argument, and the side which deserves justice always goes through pain. In this case, it was no exception, Subaru had said all that without even once thinking of justice.
However, concerning that other side which had been struggling,, Subaru carefully hazards a guess towards Emilia’s feelings.
――For what purpose does Emilia want to accompany Subaru?
「――――」
「――？」
Still, Emilia looked completely plain to Subaru who was looking at her from the corner of his eyes.
She doesn’t look like she has any plan in mind, but, in fact, she is one of the enemies he suspects.
Subaru did not see Emilia’s and Beatrice’s dead bodies the last time when everyone had been killed.
Although it was true that “Natsuki Subaru’s” intentions were unknown from the wounds on his arms, no matter how much chaos “Natsuki Subaru” could cause, it was not possible to produce such a situation alone.
Killing Shaula, Echidna, Ram, Julius and Meili, and eventually tearing down the tower with the power of shadows, and finally beheading him, that someone.
There still existed someone in this tower  who Subaru was not aware of.
Emilia:「Subaru, are you okay? Actually, you still aren’t back to normal, are you?」
Subaru:「――tch, I-I’m fine. I just got lost in my thoughts for a bit.」
Emilia:「Really？ But, you don’t look too well.」
Suddenly, Emilia reaches out for Subaru.
He couldn’t give up so quickly, but Emilia makes his cheeks redden in embarrassment, and Subaru senses a ticklish feeling in his eyebrows.
Subaru:「……You’re looking quite closely now, aren’t you.」
Emilia:「Mhm, that’s right, I am looking closely. It feels like lately, I’ve been following you around with my eyes a lot…… I don’t know why, but it’s strange.」
Subaru:「――I guess so, it’s really strange, isn’t it.」
He was carefully keeping an eye on any sudden movements from Emilia. .
The smiling Emilia’s hand was touching Subaru’s face. The situation would drastically change if Emilia’s hand were to slit Subaru’s throat in the blink of an eye, no guarantees she wouldn’t. Or otherwise, she didn’t even need to do that, with the strength of Emilia’s arm, it would be easily possible for her to break Subaru’s neckbones.
However, her hands did not feel malicious or hostile, and Subaru is at loss on what to think.
After all, Subaru — he was only a Japanese student who had come from a convenience store, so it was only natural that Subaru would not find these feelings reliable. Things like people’s hostility or malice, he had almost no experience with these things.
Subaru’s familiarity with the atmosphere, of making people awkward even from big distances and silence of apathetic indifference that could not even be called cold disdain — neither of these can hurt the loner Natsuki Subaru.
Henceforth, he does not know the feeling he was getting from the girl’s amethyst eyes in front of him was genuine or fake.
But, if he doesn’t know――、
「――――」
He wonders what kind of face she would make if he were to confess everything. How great would it feel if he were to screw up that beautiful face she had that made it seem like she grew up only ever seeing splendid things, as if there was nothing to worry about in the world?
―― The Natsuki Subaru you are worried about is nowhere to be found.
―― No, that’s not it. If he were to say that he is a cruel, crazed murderer.1
Emilia:「――come to think of it, Meili… you know」
Subaru:「――hk」
A strangled noise emerged from his throat as his eyes opened wide.
Why was Meili’s name mentioned here? He couldn’t in the slightest hide his exclamation of surprise, it had been a complete surprise attack. If it was Emilia’s aim to gauge Subaru’s reaction, he had fallen hook line and sinker for it.
However, Emilia had her eyes off of Subaru, her gaze had dropped down towards the floor. She wasn’t looking towards the aisleway where he had come from, more so, it felt as if she was just looking around the whole tower. And following from that, Emilia showed a slight hint of hesitation, and said,
Emilia:「I wonder if I was too short-tempered with her. When we return back safe and sound from this tower, we can see what we can do about Meili.」
「――――」
Emilia:「Of course what she did a year ago was terrible, and I understand Otto-kun’s point that we shouldn’t believe her so easily, but… it was thanks to Meili that we were able to cross the sand dunes, and if she had been plotting something against us, I think she would have done it before we reached this tower.」
Pinching the cuffs of her clothes, Emilia carefully states her thoughts. Although it feels as if he should take her story with a grain of salt. Amongst the people in this tower, Meili’s position was special. She had apparently originally been an assassin hired to take Emilia and Beatrice’s lives.
She had failed her duty, leading to her being their captive. However, she had made full use of her special ability, which she had been born with, accompanying them on their current journey, thus contributing to the objectives of her former targets.
Subaru:「A Pardon, I guess ?」
Emilia:「Even if I were to let her free, I think everyone would oppose it. But, maybe we can find some other place to put her in outside of her gloomy prison cell, right?」
「――――」
Emilia:「Of course, we’ll talk to Meili herself, and see if she wants it. It would be hard if I got ahead of myself and ended up being hated by her.」
Hurriedly shaking her hand, Emilia insisted that it had just been one of her opinions. Perhaps, she had put enough thought to hold and convey this story out to its fullness. At every turn, there’s a glimpse of the argument being rebutted.
――Were these Emilia’s true intentions?
「――――」
Would it be okay to believe her? At least until now, there hadn’t been a single time which Emilia had been hostile towards Subaru. ――No, if he were to say it, no one had shown any hostility towards Subaru. Beatrice, Echidna, Ram, Julius, Meili, none of them had shown any hostility towards Subaru.
The only certain things were that a criminal had killed Subaru by pushing him from the top of the staircase, and that a criminal had slaughtered everyone in the tower, and a criminal had lopped off his head. ―― And that “Natsuki Subaru” had killed Meili. Only these evil acts should be held in contempt.
Then, could he trust Emilia? Could he believe in her purity, which was like that of fresh snow, that did not know of impurity? ――Emilia had put so much enthusiasm in her speech whilst he had been fretting about Meili, which his hand had killed, still he wonders if she would believe him.
Subaru:「……so stupid.」
Emilia:「Eh?」
Subaru:「I said such bullshit. I should have known. Short-tempered? Indeed. In… in these situations, can we really be talking about future prospects.」
It feels like a stalemate in all directions, he has no room to worry about anyone else. And that especially applies to hearing the future plans of the girl who had already died. Even if he closes his eyes pretending not to know about her “Death”, would it really comfort him?
「――――」
Cursing, Subaru bit his lips right after he had uttered those words. He had said such stupid things. He couldn’t help having said things such as all the remarks of suspicion  that he had thrust upon Emilia due to the emotions of this place. There was no justification for his actions. He had just been venting his anger, just like a child’s tantrum. That――
Emilia:「Subaru!」
Subaru:「Bu…」
Emilia:「What happened to you so suddenly? Even if you’re in a bad mood, it’s no good to speak like that!」
「――――」
Astonished and shocked, he hangs his head down as his emotions gnaw at him and tears start to pour out of him as he sobs. Emilia however, having anticipated such a reaction, vigorously clasped Subaru’s cheeks with both hands and looked straight into his black eyes.
Subaru:「――Ah」
Emilia:「If you are going to be sulky and emotional like this, speak up! Either to me or Beatrice. If Subaru is in trouble, I will be in trouble together with him. But, don’t carry it all by yourself, quit moping around by yourself, stop trying to do be alone. That’s something similar to what Roswaal would do in bad times. Don’t copy him!」
Giving it her all, Emilia turns towards Subaru and continues to speak. And just after that, she took her hands away from Subaru’s face, who had been really taken aback, and suddenly pulled his head over to her chest. She held Subaru’s head against her chest in an embrace and started to gently stroke him.
Emilia:「Do you understand? In my heart, I am not mad at you at all. I won’t be disillusioned with whatever it is. So, you can tell me.」
「――――」
He was pressed against the feeling of soft, warm skin. Beyond that feeling of warmth, the rhythm of life was steadily ticking away in her. It was quite gentle, rather like a lullaby which a baby would listen to. Subaru let out a strangled sob. In that moment, Subaru’s heart had lurched with a feeling of intense shame.
Having done all these things until now, having said such terrible things, still she was gentle towards him. He had doubted her, he had blindly hated this poor girl, what had been the point of it all?
――Do they really exist? The one who had been planning to kill Subaru.
――Had plunging to his death really been a simple accident?
――It had not been something somebody did on purpose, maybe someone had inadvertently tripped and pushed him.
There was no evil person inside this tower. The only one who had a heart that was foul, ugly and dangerous was Natsuki Subaru, and “Natsuki Subaru”. Properly speaking, wasn’t he just an insolent outsider to this world that should have never been?
Subaru:「Emilia, I am……」
Emilia:「――Hm?」
Subaru:「I am……」
He doesn’t know how to tell her. He had thought that he would be able to confess everything to her… Losing his memories, what had happened to Meili, returning back in time every time he died. Everything he says may not be believable. But, she may believe some of it. If she believes him, a way to break out of this deadlock may be found.  If just that is found, Subaru will――
???:「――Emilia-sama！　Barusu！」
That was the moment when he had tried to somehow squeeze his thoughts out of his shivering head.
A sharp,imminent voice comes from the side, as if filling over Subaru’s anguish. Subaru could not see the owner of the voice at that moment due to Emilia’s embrace. Then, he heard Emilia who confirmed that person’s identity by murmuring「Ram」.
Emilia:「What’s wrong? I’m talking to Subaru about something which is ve~ry important…..」
Ram:「That is, something Ram understands just by looking at it…… but kindly stop it. This is an urgent matter.」
Emilia:「O-okay…..」
The sound of footsteps drew closer, and as soon as they did, Emilia nervously let go of Subaru. Subaru aggressively wiped away at this face with his sleeve, getting rid of the distant feeling of warmth and the zeal in the corner of his eyes.
After that, both he and Emilia turned to face Ram.
Whether it was the thing she saw which was bad, or whether her timing was the worst, he wanted to strike Ram with such feelings that were coming up in his mind.
Even though he just reflected on it, he felt sorry for himself for not being able to stand straight again immediately.
However, Ram’s appearance said that she could not afford to do things like teasing them for them embracing one another, or thinking about Subaru who was having mixed emotions, after seeing them.
Emilia:「Ram, what’s wrong？」
Ram:「……It is an urgent matter. Please come to the third floor library immediately. Beatrice-sama found something terrible.」
Emilia:「Beatrice did？」
To the surprised Emilia, Ram briefly nodded as「yes」.
Then, as she turned away from Subaru and Emilia,
Ram:「Anastasia-sama…… no, was it Echidna? Anyway, Ram will go search for her and Julius. Barusu, you go with Emilia-sama」
Subaru:「Y-yeah, got it…」
Subaru nodded his head whilst being unable to form a reply..
Without even waiting for an answer, Ram kicks the door and runs away from the two. Surprised from the situation, Subaru turns to Emilia.
Subaru:「Um, Ram, said that……」
Emilia:「――-Let’s hurry. Ram sounded really serious. Something terrible must have happened.」
「――――」
Emilia:「Subaru, I won’t forget about what we talked earlier.」
Subaru:「……yeah.」
Subaru weakly nodded and listens to Emilia, who was the only one thinking about that.
Already, from his guilt towards Meili, to his sense of urgency regarding the situation, all of Subaru’s thought process had been torn down.
With that, Subaru took off with Emilia, heading for the third layer『Taygeta』at a brisk pace. Welcoming them after running up the long staircase, was the library of the『Dead』which boasted a huge collection of books.
Beatrice:「――So you’ve come, I suppose.」
Beatrice, who was standing in front of of the stairs behind the bookshelves which had the countless『Books of The Dead』fitted in them, welcomed Subaru.
The girl, with her short arms, and a peculiar pattern in her eyes, breathed out a tired sigh with a frown.
Emilia:「Beatrice, Ram told us to come. You have found something terrible is what she said.」
Beatrice:「Certainly, it cannot he said that it’s good news. Rather, it is something bad I suppose.」
Saying that, Beatrice swings roundly around to Emilia’s question.
Then, she turns her blue eyes towards Subaru,
Beatrice:「Betty had been looking into the『Taygeta』library since this morning. Whilst Subaru was out cold, Betty was trying to analyse this room, though it’s mechanisms are nothing like the forbidden library’s I suppose.」
Subaru:「Well, regardless of the introduction. What happened? Please tell.」
Subaru, who ran up the stairs and was lightly panting, urges her to get to the point.
Hearing those words, Beatrice shut her eyes for a moment. And, she slowly, pointed towards one of the bookshelves which was diagonally behind her,
「The third row from the top, the book on the far right.」
「――the rightmost of」
「一The third row.」
In accordance with what Beatrice pointed out, Subaru and Emilia came to the bookshelf after she had spat out those words.
The bookshelf was packed with books, and Subaru could not read the characters which were written in a foreign language on the black covers. As usual, he could only think of them as hieroglyphs.
So, even the title of the book which Beatrice pointed out to Subaru and the others, was not known to him.
At least, as all books were in this library, it was certain that it was a『Book of The Dead』–,
Emilia:「No way……」
Emilia, who had been standing right next to him, spilled these words out.. Looking at that, Subaru’s cheeks stiffened at hearing her stunned reaction.
Such astonishment had delayed the sadness which was to come straight after.. Just, what was it that had punched her heart with such force?
Shivering, her lips tremble right next to Subaru, clearly in shock.
and Emilia said,
Emilia:「――Meili・Portroute」

※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※


Chapter 47
―Meili Portroute
Staring at the binding of the book, as Emilia said that, Subaru became shocked. His eyes shot open, He glared at the binding of the book. The letters written there, Subaru couldn’t read them at all. However, here now, there is no reason for Subaru to put on a pretext and think that Emilia was shaking without meaning.
Then why was there a「Book of the Dead」with Meili’s name in the title? There was no room to doubt this fact.
Subaru:「――――」
He still couldn’t talk, Subaru with stiff cheeks had his back break out in a cold sweat. Inside his skull, his brain was desperately screaming one thing and one thing only:「Why.」
Why is there a book with Meili’s name here? Why did this library that kept records of the dead have the girls book ready that quickly? Why is it that in a library this vast that they found Meili’s book so easily? Why was it that the moment Subaru felt like he could trust Emilia out of everyone in the tower this had to happen? Why was it that fate just couldn’t forgive Natsuki Subaru? Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Whywhywhywhywhywy hywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhyhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhyw hywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhy
Emilia:「―Beatrice, did you check the contents of the book?」
Subaru:「―hk」
While forcing himself to bury the incredible amount of「Why’s」in his head, those words rung awfully clearly inside of his eardrums. Raising his face in a snap, Emilia was the one who probed Beatrice. She asked Beatrice whilst continuing to lay against the bookshelf, glaring at the book in question.
As far as Subaru had heard about the「Books of the dead」found in this library, if you are acquainted with the person in the book, and touch it, then the memories of their life will pour into their head. Though it’s a magical book with unwavering powers, it is not the fantasy-tone part of the story that becomes a problem in this place, it’s a more realistic problem.
Looking at the records of Meili’s life means that they will supposedly see the records of her last moments. In other words all that they will see who it was that strangled her.
Subaru:「――――」
Subaru had killed Meili with his own two hands in these circumstances, he does not doubt that it was「Natsuki Subaru」that had carried it out. But, it’s only Subaru who can come to that distinction. The memories act sort of like video footage, such as the ones you could get from crime prevention cameras around potential crime scenes. He won’t be able to expect them to follow such a distinction. In addition, Subaru in this loop had concealed his memory loss from Emilia and the others.
Subaru’s crime would become clear to them from the memories, and it very much would reach the stage where it would reveal his memory loss. If the others had acted ad-hoc already, then it would only sound like a bad excuse. Naturally, Emilia and the others seemed to be on the same level as Subaru. But if Beatrice had anticipated this and had already referred to the memory about Meili’s death―
Beatrice:「―I haven’t checked yet, I suppose.」
Subaru:「―hk, oh, is that so?」
Beatrice:「It’s natural that I didn’t, in fact. I have no choice but to handle it carefully, I suppose. In fact, to begin with, we don’t even know whether this Meili’s book is about the one we know. If it really is that girl’s book…」
Emilia:「Meili’s inside this tower… oh no! We have to look for her right away!」
Her complexion changing, Emilia tries to breaks off into a run at hearing Beatrice’s words. However, Beatrice cuts in front of Emilia and shakes her head.
Beatrice:「Wait, I suppose! If it really is that girl’s book, then searching for her all in a hurry is meaningless, in fact. You know what happens when a book is added here, I suppose.」
Emilia:「…so because of that, Ram went searching for us and Julius’ group.」
Beatrice:「If in the middle of this, Meili waltzes in looking all innocent, then you can take this as being Betty’s childish misunderstanding.」
Emilia’s strength steadily drains out of her as she listens to Beatrice calmly pointing these facts out. Still, with a fretful look across her pale face, Emilia clasps her hands against her chest, as if she was praying. She hopes that the book that had come from the bookshelf was not Meili’s one; she clings onto the hope that it belongs to someone who had happened to have the same name as her.    
―But, Natsuki Subaru knows that hope will never come true.
「――――」
Subaru was frantically turning his head back and forth between Emilia and Beatrice as they spoke. His thoughts were spinning around in circles; for the most part he was thinking on how to get out of this situation and whether to keep the truth only to himself.  
As he had simulated before, he can’t let Emilia and the others see Meili’s memories. It was a stroke of good luck that Beatrice hadn’t seen them, even so, it was only a matter of time until one of them would. It’s a fact that Meili is dead, she will never appear in this library again looking all innocent. So of course, they will eventually get a chance to check the「Book of the Dead.」Before long they would do it.
If they look at the book, everyone will accuse Subaru. Then, should he do something like disposing of Meili’s book? ―No, he wants to avoid that. It’s true that this situation was exceedingly difficult, however, Subaru’s feelings had become more problematic ― Subaru also has a great interest in the contents of the book.
Subaru currently believes with certainty that it was「Natsuki Subaru」who had killed Meili. If he were to look through Meili’s records, he may be able to see「Natsuki Subaru」there. He could conceivably look at the literal form of the potential「Enemy」 that was lying inside him. If that was possible, Subaru’s situation would change drastically. At least, he should be able to come up with a resolution.
Hence, he cannot let Emilia or anyone else read the contents of the book. Subaru  must be the only one to experience the book’s contents―
Shaula:「Now this is what you call a commoshun, did something happen?」
Emilia:「Ah, Shaula, you’ve come.」
In the meanwhile, Shaula had showed up at the Taygeta library. Craning her neck, her black hair swinging about, Shaula greets Emilia and Beatrice. She then notices Subaru at the back of the library and waves her hand at him. In this moment, he thinks that her appearance overlaps with how Meili had entered the breakfast room this morning. Subaru turns his face away and resists the urge to vomit.  
Shaula:「Oyo, what a cold response from Master! After spending such a passionate time together with meee.」
Beatrice:「I am quite interested in what happened between you and Subaru, but, for now I will postpone it, I suppose. Speak up if you’ve seen Meili anywhere. You were good friends with her, I suppose.」
Shaula:「The chibiko… umm, Number Two?1 Her? Hmm, now that you mention it I haven’t seen her for a while. I don’t know what happened to her after this morning’s breakfast.」
Shaula answered Beatrice by shaking both of her hands. Then, she placed her waving hands against her cheeks, and cocking her head she said: ”What’s wrong with Number Two?” At hearing Shaula’s question, Emilia cast her gaze down in unease,
Emilia:「To tell you the truth, we found a book with Meili’s name in the library. We haven’t looked inside it yet, before doing that we wanted to check whether that child was okay… 」
Shaula:「Ah, I see. Number Two ended up dying? That’s troublesome to think about, there are many ways you can die; things like that may just happen, noo?」
Emilia:「―hk」
Beatrice:「…you」
Looking quite indifferent to what was going on around her, Shaula states her opinion on the matters of life and death, paying zero consideration towards the distressed Emilia. Hearing what Shaula had said, Emilia’s cheeks stiffened, and Beatrice glared at Shaula with an expression of anger. However, Shaula did not pay any attention to how the two had reacted,
Shaula:「So, where is this important boook? Once you look inside, you may find out how and where Number Two died, indeeed.」
Subaru:「That’s, that’s enough from you! Always talking like this…」
Subaru was unable to look on without doing anything, he flares up at Shaula’s reckless remarks. Now Shaula’s behaviour showed heartlessness too. Up until now, by no means could Subaru tell Emilia his thoughts, he has just about enough discretion to not open his mouth. As for Shaula, she has no―
Shaula:「Don’t get maaad, Master. I didn’t mean any offence! But, but, practically, the book is here, so shouldn’t we do that?」
Subaru:「At… least, after we we all get together…」
Shaula:「Even if you don’t do it leisurely, is it not worth a shot to read the boook? If it’s about Number One’s worries of not knowing what’ll happen after reading it, then…」
Subaru falters, the strength of his rebuttal weakens as Shaula presses for an answer from him. She cuts off her speech and quietly sends Beatrice a sidelong glance, and then once again she cast her gaze at Subaru. Her face continued to have a unreserved, but not malicious look on it.   
Shaula:「―Master should read the book.」
Subaru:「――――」
Shaula:「When you first saw this library, it was Master and that other pretty boy2 who first experienced what was in it, no? Afterwards, there were no negative effectssu coming out riiiight?」
Her ample-sized breasts shaking, Shaula takes a step forward and brings her face right next to his. His breath was taken away by the woman’s suggestion, and Subaru’s brain started to once again think carefully.
Shaula’s suggestion is extremely reasonable for a woman that has such an attitude. Naturally, it’s not known to him what sort of effect the「Books of the Dead」have on people once you read it. At least, there had been two people who had already experienced it. There should be enough value in trying to read it.
Of course, it was entirely possible that this experience of Subaru’s had snatched away his memories, triggering the separation between “Natsuki Subaru” and his current self. If that really was the case here, it would be odd that Julius had not experienced any of these unusual phenomena. By no means would he conceal his memory loss like Subaru had done; it was a great leap of imagination to come to such a suspicion.   
There is no relation between the influence of the「Books of the Dead」and his loss of memories. Making this conclusion was no issue at all in this situation. Thus, with that being the case, her suggestion had come as a lifesaver―,
Subaru:「―Certainly, what Shaula said may have a grain of truth in it.」
Beatrice:「…Subaru, are you really going to do it, in fact? Up until this time you shared meals with that companion, I suppose.」
If he were to take advantage of Shaula’s words, for the time being, he could break through the first obstacle. Becoming the first one to read Meili’s「Book of the Dead」, and making sure he is the last and only one to read it, then what Subaru had done would remain hidden inside his mind. However, that is where Beatrice’s genuine worry for him entered into the fold.
She is concerned about Subaru’s soul being damaged. Until now, the dead that「Natsuki Subaru」had seen here had only had a shallow relationship to him. There was a big difference between that and Meili.
They had journeyed together, they had talked to each other, they had shared meals with each other; she was that kind of comrade in arms. Beatrice had been concerned about what sort of mental trauma would befall Subaru if he were to see her「Death」with his own eyes.
Subaru:「…I’ll be fine, don’t worry. As Shaula said, I am most likely the best person to do it.」
To Beatrice’s concerns, Subaru straightens his cheeks so that he looks serious, and nods. Certainly, looking at the memories of a deceased person whose face you know could very likely cause someone to have mental trauma or abnormalities. If you happened to be a good person, then maybe it would be unbearable.
―But that’s not the case with him. It isn’t so.
For Subaru now, the journey with Meili, the words he had exchanged with her, the meals he had shared together with her, by no means was she that kind of comrade in arms to him. For these few hours, he had behaved as if was acquainted with her. They had shared two or three meals together, and sometimes she had helped him reassure him a bit, but that was the extent of their relations. She was just an unfamiliar little girl to him ― He would not receive any mental trauma by seeing her death.
Emilia:「I am still against this. If we really really have to, then it shouldn’t be Subaru, but me…」
Beatrice:「If Emilia wants to look at it, Betty will oppose it, in fact. If someone has to look at it… it’s frustrating, but Julius or Subaru are our best bets for it, I suppose. But, if you had seen how Julius looked like this morning, you’d probably want to erase him from the list of candidates here.」
Emilia:「Beatrice…」
Emilia, who looks quite dispirited, trails off into silence at hearing Beatrice’s reasoning. At least, Beatrice seems to have chosen to respect Subaru’s will. However, due to what had happened just before, Emilia knows that Subaru’s condition is quite unstable. Therefore, Subaru nodded at Emilia whose amethyst eyes showed deep concern that did not disappear.
Subaru:「―I will look. Perhaps, what if it’s only a misunderstanding, and if you read it in high spirits then maybe nothing will happen?」
Emilia:「…if anything happens, I will tear the book from you at once. I’ll pull your hair as well…」
Subaru:「I would prefer much more if you’d call out to me and shake my shoulders instead.」
With Emilia’s superhuman strength, if she were to pull his hair, the back of Subaru’s head would become a permanent desolate wasteland. And then, after retorting with such false words, Subaru faces towards the bookshelf. Unchanging, Meili’s book was still there, emitting a strange presence. From the beginning, at the times he had happened to catch a glimpse of it, he had seen it as just an ordinary plain book. But now, from this strange aura the book had, it felt as if he could instinctually recognise the name. At any rate, he couldn’t rely on just his senses.
Thus, Subaru picked up the book to search into what he can’t rely on in himself.
Subaru:「――――」
Behind him, Emilia and Beatrice are holding their breaths. Shaula puts her hands behind her head, watching over Subaru’s decision with a carefree expression. Whilst taking a look at these three individuals, Subaru takes a deep breath, and he places his hand on the thick book’s (which looked rather like a dictionary) front cover.
Subaru:「―Let’s go」
As if he was trying to persuade himself to do it, Subaru mutters this and opens the book ― his senses blackout.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
―Ever since the woman had been aware of what was around her, there had been nothing.
There had been no one around. There were no men, women, adults, children, elders, babies, no one at all. Alone in the dark, dark, black, black forest, the woman was all alone.  
Being able to stand up and walk. Being able to speak. Being able to cry out in order to live. The woman was not able to do any of these things; all of these things were far away, unknown to the woman, vanished beyond oblivion.
「――――」
If she doesn’t how to speak, she cannot know how to mourn. If she doesn’t know how to walk, she cannot know how to resist. If she doesn’t know how to live, then there is no reason for her to know about dying.
Therefore, the woman had no choices, the meaning of both life and death were not brought to this woman ― she had been snatched away by the fangs of a beast. The beast had a horn on its forehead, and this hideous beast of slaughter was continuously engaged in ferocious slaughter―
The woman did not know why this beast hadn’t crushed her throat with its fangs and had instead dragged her by the nape of her clothing back to its lair.
However, choices, which were not supposed to exist, were born, and the woman’s fate was decided under the beasts.
She did not know any words, so she didn’t know how to mourn. She did not know how to walk, so she didn’t know how to resist. However, as she knew the way of living, she didn’t think she would die.
Taking notice of what had happened, the woman had followed the murderous beasts and had become their queen, and had dominated the entire area.
Assailing their prey however she wanted, eating whenever she felt hungry, killing whenever she felt like it, sleeping whenever she wanted to sleep, living the way she wanted to, killing the way she wanted to, and she was raised amongst the motherhood of slaughter.
In the past, she lost the memory for the reason for her existence. She had been reduced to something like nothing, something that had no need for anything like a symbol, that sort of stuff. At this rate, she believed that for better or worse, she would die alone, as one of these beasts.
???:「―This welcome is far warmer than what I thought it would be. However, I do not mean to hurt you.」
It was a girl in black. Covered with a blood-reeking devilishness, it was a girl in black. The woman who led the group of beasts with a mere action of her hand was deprived of everything she had, by that girl in black.
Blood and flesh overflowed, dying throes scorched the sky, and the smile of the girl in black began to be coated in their jets of blood.
Without knowing how to do anything, the woman, once again, was in a position where she had nothing.
*Girl in black*:「I’ve been told to take you back with me. That’s why, I shall have you accompany me.」
The girl in black forcefully took the woman who had nothing. She took away the place where she had lived for a long time, the beasts she’d spent so long with, the place where she’d been herself.
Even after all that, the woman still could not do anything.
She did not know any words, so she didn’t know to mourn.
She did not know how to walk, so she didn’t know how to resist.
She lost the way of survival, so this time she may have no choice but to die.
???:「How to mourn, how to resist, how to live, you lost all of those? No way, no way, I couldn’t care less for however many dull excuses you come up with.」
That made her regret of not knowing how to mourn.
???:「Mourn, for my sake. Resist, for my sake. Live, for the sake of loving me.」3
That made her regret of not knowing how to resist.
???:「If you’re saying that you’ve lost everything, forgotten everything, parted with everything, then I’ll just have to discipline you, won’t I? ――That’s a “Mother’s” Duty after all.」
―That made her regret of forgetting how to live, and her inability to think about how to die.
More hellish than hell, more nightmarish than nightmares, more evil than evil―
As for that, Mother gave all sorts of discipline, not for the sake of the woman, but for the sake of herself.
「Mother」did not lie.
「Mother」was impartial.
「Mother」used every possible means to be loved.
「Mother」however, just used distorted version of those means.
She remembered words. How to mourn got peeled away. She remembered how to walk. How to resist was painted away. She remembered how to live. It was etched into her, that there would be no more hope to be had of a way of dying.
*Girl in black*:「Please stop being under the complete control of that person. Because, except for me, surely, no matter how many lives you get, they would end up being insufficient.」
Suddenly, when she had remembered the way of words, and the way of walking, and the way of living, she had met again the girl in black. The girl in black had often shown her face to the woman. Before she even noticed, she was acting in accompaniment of the girl in black much more than before.
Before meeting「Mother」for the first time, she remembered when she was thrown into warm water. Covered with blood, mud, and dirt, the merciless girl in black had sloppily rinsed her of the irremovable dirt. Or perhaps, that had been the last sense of freedom the woman had felt.
「Mother’s」intention made it clear that she wanted the woman to be aligned with the girl in black.
The girl in black was abnormally strong. Her way of killing was amazing. She knew more about how to kill rather than how to live. Everything else except for that was estranged in her.
???:「■■■■ is here. Well, it’s better to leave it to you.」
A single event would shape everything else that had happened, or that’s how it felt like. She was undisciplined. She wasn’t strict. She was quite a handful as a companion. She couldn’t take her eyes off her companion. She was not faithful to「Mother.」Not just in how she killed, but also in how she lived, there was freedom therein.
She had seen hell. She had seen nightmares. She had seen evil. For her whole life, the woman thought she would never forget the「Horror.」While she was together with the girl in black, while she went along and helped this undisciplined girl, it felt like what was engraved in her would fade away. But―
*The Woman*:「―Elsa… Died…」
Died. She died. She turned to ashes and died.
The girl in black who never dies even when she is killed― No, towards the end that girl was Elsa.
Died. She died. She turned to ashes and died.
She had a spear stuck into her belly, she lost both of her arms from her shoulders, and she also saw her with a broken neck. Still Elsa did not die. She thought she would never die.
Died. She died. She turned to ashes and died.
She had also endured「Mother’s」training. She had also endured the hell, and the nightmares and the「Horror.」But, Elsa had died. She was going to go back being alone. She had lost her herd, she had lost Elsa. She was all alone.
Died. She died. She turned to ashes and died.
Killed. She was killed. She was turned to ashes and killed. Those who had turned Elsa to ashes had captured the woman and imprisoned her.
―Alone, inside a dark room, the woman questions the void around her.
Hate, Hateful, Hatred? The feeling of Hatred, what does it feel like?
Sad, Sadness, Sorrow? The feeling of Sorrow, what does it feel like?
She doesn’t know how to mourn.
She doesn’t know how to resist.
Even for herself, she doesn’t know the value of life.
It was like this from the beginning. Before Elsa had died, before she could recognise that the girl in black was Elsa, before meeting「Mother」, before beginning her training, before her herd of beasts had been destroyed by the girl in black, before she had begun to lead the herd of beasts, before her life was saved by the whim of a beast, ever since the time she had been torn away from those who were supposed to be her real mother and father, the woman had been a defective product.   
The woman was set adrift, living. When she had been a beast, she had imitated the way of living of a beast. After being trained by「Mother」, she had done exactly what she told her to do. And even after she started to spend time together with Elsa, she had imitated the way she spoke, she had imitated her, imitated.
From the beginning, this woman was that kind of creature. A humanoid creature that imitates people. She had behaved as others desired.
The woman was capable of imitating others, she was a mere sham of the people she imitated, she had the form of a person but was nothing like a person―
Kill the bastard, she wonders if that is what she is thinking. Pursue him, she wonders if she is thinking of that in that manner.
She wants to to imitate someone that knows「Elsa’s」death, she wants to precisely know what to do in regards to「Elsa’s」death. She wants to imitate. She wants to see what is the correct norm.
What should she do. She had lost「Elsa」― who should the woman imitate now?
Time had passed and still she didn’t understand. Meanwhile, while keeping up her appearances on the outside, the woman is a woman who continues to exist for the desires of those in her surroundings.
She wished for change. If the events change, if her situation changes, she may come to an answer. That, or「Mother」may want her to die ― that also may be okay.
She had let herself be shaped up as requested, as they desired, as if she was adrift. Then, if「Mother」desires it, she can also take her life which she can’t find any particular value in.  
――
――――
――――――――
――――――――――――――
―――――――――――――――――― She hated it.
She hated ending it right there, ending here, she hated it. A feeling of impatience burned her heart. Her desiring soul, demanded her own desires.  
At the very least she wanted to know the answer. The answer to what she should do, now that「Elsa」had been murdered would do.
???:「― Oh so you came here too, ■■■■■?」
At night. In the library inside the Tower of Sand, in the place where the「Books of the Dead」were. A voice came from behind her. Around there stood a familiar black haired boy who she knew well. Her heart jumped in that instant. She noticed it herself, deep down that she was afraid. If he were to ask why she was there, she couldn’t answer questions like whose book she herself was looking for that she secretly came here?
*The Boy*:「I just kinda had a book I wanted to look for. I really should’ve asked the others for help though, I couldn’t stand the feelings of restlessness and…」
The boy is saying something. With a smile and a head tilt, she hides her exalted heartbeat. Pretending as always.
*The Boy*:「― Don’t stay up too late, ■■■■■」
As she was told that, she left the library. Slowly walking away, then quickening her pace, and in the end, running. He saw what she was doing, he knows what she was doing, he realized what she was doing.
Biting her nails and furrowing her brow, the woman squatted and calmed her breathing. He didn’t see, He didn’t know, He didn’t realize anything.
But she abandoned everything and started again. The woman understood why it was that she came all the way to this place. And it was all the more reason to change everything she knew and start all over again abandoning anything and everything.
The urge controls her head. As her repressed emotions are left to grind on her molars, the woman turns around. Going back through the road she just ran through. Her legs gradually relax and she eventually starts walking slowly. Finally walking so gently so as to eliminate the sound of her footsteps, she returns to the library where the「Books of the Dead」are.
With his back facing her way, the black haired boy was sitting on the ground. With how many books are scattered around the ground had he already found the「Book of The Dead」he was looking for? Already guessing that, she felt jealous. But before he notices her she definitely has to―
*The Boy*:「―You’re so damn shallow.」
Letting herself be controlled by feelings of desperation, she felt like blaming her impulsive actions. As she stops her feet all that is before her eyes is the black hair on the back of the boy’s unturned head.
She was supposed to be coming back without making a sound and holding her breath. It’s true that she doesn’t hold a candle to Elsa, but even then, she could at least erase the sound of her footsteps. Then how did he find out?
「――――」
All of her thoughts become jumbled. She just came here while eliminating the sound of her footsteps, and he still saw through her with his back to her, what kind of explanation can she give now.
―No, even then, she should have said something. taking her training into account. It would’ve been fine if she had just come here. No matter what, the woman was brought by the boy. She was also supposed to take that into consideration. With a timid smile and a head tilt, she hides her exalted heartbeat. Pretending as al―
*The Boy*:「Don’t try to suck up to me it’s disgusting. Nobody would want you doing that to them.」
Cutting off her train of thought and shutting her up as she was pondering and going around in her thoughts. What did the black haired boy mean?
*The Boy*:「Don’t give me that composed face. Submissive little doll. Are you going to ignore that desire in the depths of your own heart?」
Desire in the depths of her heart. Why did hearing him point that out weigh on her so awfully heavily?
*The Boy*:「Devote yourself to listening to your desire. If you do so, you’ll see yourself a little more. And when you see yourself a little more, you’ll know what you want to do.」
To know. what she wants to do. to see herself. What she wants to do, what she desires, that is―
*The Boy*:「―Now that’s a nice face. Looks rich.」
When she noticed, the black haired boy had turned around and was standing right before the woman. The Boy’s hand grabbed onto one of the woman’s hanging braids, and stared at her with horrible eyes that held a perverted pleasure. She couldn’t take her eyes off of those dark pupils in front of her…
*The Boy*:「If you understand your desire and began to see who you really are, then you’ll begin to act more like「Yourself.」Your boring worries and anguish. I’ll make sure to remember them.」
Selfishly deciding what another person wants, the boy declared so while putting the woman’s hair tips to his lips. This filled her chest with a feeling of dread, however, a slight pain burned in her chest.
*The Boy*:「―I’ll make sure to remember them.」
If she understood her own desires. If she properly came to see who she really was. Could the woman become more like「Herself」like what ■■■■■ was supposed to be?
*The Woman*:「―I wanted to talk about last night. I’m wondering, how seriously should I take what we talked about last night? 」
The sun rose, she finished her breakfast, and before they moved to the next trial in the tower, she contacted the black haired boy. She thought about it so much she couldn’t sleep. She thought thought thought, but no matter what she couldn’t come to an answer.
The boy greeted the woman in the morning almost like his attitude last night never happened or something. So she had to make a special chance, she called out to him. Unable to control her restless feelings, at the very least she needed to get him to a place where no one else could hear them, then it might be better.
*The Boy*:「Not here. Let’s change places.」
That suggestion came from the boy. They changed places. As they entered the room, she wanted to question him about the meaning of his words from last night. ―Come to think of it, in the library last night, the boy had said something about going to talk with everybody else.
*The Boy*:「Sorry, ■■■■■」
As those words were whispered into her ear her light body was pushed down into the floor. Falling down. she hit her back on the floor yet couldn’t scream. Just as her field of vision was flickering like that, she saw the face of the boy getting on top of her. ―The smirk on his face was the most disgustingly fiendish thing she had ever seen.
*The Boy*:「Asking that directly is against the rules.」
Her neck was gripped with a strong force. Her mouth was opening and closing but the air that was so important for her body wasn’t coming. Writhing. Struggling. She grabbed the hand on her neck and dug her nails in. Desperately, she kicked her legs.
She can’t move or push him off. But if she was Elsa she could deal with him.
*The Boy*:「This time it was a loss because of breaking the rules, but I hope you’ll act even bolder next time. Do your best as you always have.」
She didn’t understand what he meant. What was he talking about? What was he saying? What was he telling her?
*The Boy*:「My oh my, this is going to be very interesting ― The Natsuki Subaru murder mystery.」
I’m being killed. The reasoning was nothing but flawed. I’m going to be killed. In the end could I do anything at all? Killed. When I was hunting in that forest, what did I. Killed. Meaninglessly unable to do anything. Being killed. It was fun. Killed. It was enjoyable. Be Killed. Like I was part of some childish game. Being killed. Killed. Killed. Killed. Killed. Killed. Killed.
―I’ll kill you.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
Subaru:「Uh, AAAAAAAAAAAAHHH!?」
In an instant, his head jumped back as if he was being flicked away. ■■■■■■ fell backwards, dropping what he was holding in his hands. He saw the world go around in circles. He took a pained breath. His lungs were having panicked spasms at his laboured breathing.
Emilia:「Hey, Subaru!?」
As he was remembering the painful shock, the silver haired girl rushed over to ■■■■■■ who was screaming in pain. She was followed by a girl with light colored hair. Both of them came and propped him up at the same time.
Subaru:「I- I am…. ah. eh? I? w-w-wwwhat just. how. wh-. eh?」4
Beatrice:「Deep breaths! Take deep breaths, in fact! You don’t need to force yourself to talk, I suppose! Emilia, do not touch that book under any circumstances, in fact!」
His eyes were going in circles and foam was sprouting from the corners of ■■■■■■’s mouth as the girl― Correction, Beatrice desperately called out to him. Beatrice called out to the silver haired g― Emilia who was reaching for the book. Yes, Emilia once again nodded and retracted her hand away after all.
Emilia:「But Beatrice, Subaru is looking weird! this book is…」
Beatrice「That’s exactly the reason why, It would be troublesome if Emilia were to fall into the same condition, I suppose! It’s probably quite likely that he ended up diving in too deep, in fact. He is confusing how he talks, I suppose.」
At Beatrice’s analysis, Emilia’s cheeks stiffen and she gulps. Following that, she swiftly comes to ■■■■■■’s side and holds on to his cheek, meeting his eyes with her own pupils.
Emilia:「Subaru, Remember. You’re ok, you are Natsuki Subaru, my knight. You’re clueless about the world and broke beyond compare, You get along with everybody and…you’re. You’re…」
Emilia starts picking through her memories, hysterically bringing up everything she can. While hearing her say all of that, ■■■■■■ begins to. ■■■■ru begins to. Su■■ru begins to
―Subaru begins to recall himself.
Subaru:「I- I…ah, Emilia, Beatrice…I am, me, right? I’m not her I am… Without Elsa, err…」5
Emilia:「You’re doing fine, stay calm. everything is fine… slowly. Slowly, okay?」
Beatrice:「Like a splinter, slowly pull out those lodged memories, in fact. And then, you’ll be able to come back to the normal Subaru, I suppose.」
Subaru:「Ugh, hk…」
Emilia and Beatrice, Talk to Subaru― Yes, Subaru. They talk to Subaru. While those words are reaching his ears, somehow, he sorts through all he saw just now.
Sorting through them. Doing it somehow. Down to the very end. The memories. The moment his life was extinguished.
Julius:「Emilia-sama, sorry I made you wait. I heard about it from Madame Ram on the way―」
Echidna:「Is it true that you found that girl’s named book?」
Then, Julius who was running up the stairs arrived. Julius, Echidna and Ram arrived and were caught up with the fact that Meili was absent. To those three people, Emilia and Beatrice started explaining the current situation
「――――」
Shaula was silently staring, she was staring at a book, lying at her feet to which she was indifferent. She narrowed her black eyes. There wasn’t a single hint of emotion in that stare. She was simply, silent.
―Silently staring.

※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※


Chapter 48
A dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark place.
In the back of his head, the back, back, back, back, back, back, back.
Myself, I,  I, who, you, you, Natsuki Subaru, Meili Portroute.
Natsuki Kenichi, Elsa Granhiert, Natsuki Naoko, Petra Leyte, Emilia, Shaula, Beatrice, Frederica Baumann, Anastasia Hoshin, Garfiel Tinsel, Julius Juukulius, Otto Suwen, Ram,  the blue hair, who is, I am, you are,『I』am, myself is, the others are, I, you, you, me―
―Myself,『I』… Natsuki Subaru. Myself,『I』… Natsuki Subaru.
―Who,『I』… Meili Portroute. Who,『I』… Meili Portroute.
「――――」
These thoughts spin round and round and round in his mind, blurring the lines between what is reality and what isn’t. They are fused together as one, blending as one, becoming entwined as one, feeling affection as one, hating as one, suffering as one, loving as one, desiring as one, killing as one, wishing as one, destroying as one, threatening as one, understanding as one, crying as one, laughing as one, not understanding as one.
“You can only be yourself. Others can only be themselves.” There’s no room for compromise, no compromise out of pity, no chance to engender a compromise, no being considerate to each other; there’s nothing, nothing at all in the end.
Emilia:「Subaru……」
Subaru: 「――――」
Shaking his head back and forth, he exerts himself in trying to extract the thorn of the so called『Other Person』from inside himself with utmost effort. Emilia and Beatrice both gently hoist him up by his shoulders, and prop the struggling boy up from his left and right. Whilst feeling traces of the two’s worries on their cheeks, the boy ― the individual that should be called Natsuki Subaru is trying to determine the boundary between his own self and others. He is struggling trying to regain himself.
A swirl of thoughts clouds him, the correct answer disappears due to the whirl of emotions which were melting together inside him. His lungs were convulsing; if he were to feel his throat now, he would realise that his breathing had become painful. From within his neck, he was experiencing a severe difficulty in his breathing that had come to life just now. A fear that he would suffocate was slowly attacking him. The sensation of impending『Death』once again revives within him, the feeling of wanting to vomit surfaces inside him and causes tears to stream out of his eyes.
Subaru: 「――――」
Whilst confronted by this horrible feeling, Subaru slowly and carefully tries to excludes things which do not define him from within him, struggling to establish his own personal identity. First person pronouns, second person pronouns, memory, recollections, impressions, feelings… identify which belong to the other person, and distinguish between them.  
Just like that, if he sifts through what is not his and removes the stuff that got blended together, he will go back to as he was. Otherwise, this state where they are fused and blended together will never peel off. It was himself, and the little girl who had been killed by his own『Hands』that were mixed together into a hodgepodge of―  
Echidna: 「―Natsuki-kun, what on earth did you see? Are you able to tell us?」
Subaru:「Uh, ah? 」
A voice had called out from in front of Subaru, as he was immersed by his current identity crisis. He looks at her. Right in front of him, at the same level he was crouched at, a person with pale, turquoise eyes is squinting at him: Anastasia ― No, now it’s Echidna, right? In any case, it’s that girl. Despite Subaru having such recognition, Echidna’s eyes remain quite serious, and she continues to speak.
Echidna:「I sympathise that you are in a tough spot. But, the current situation we are all in is quite grave. If you are able to, we need information as soon as possible. That way we don’t make any mistakes when dealing with this.」
Emilia:「Wait, Echidna… Just now, Subaru experienced something terrible…」
Echidna:「Of course, I know that. I also appreciate that his recklessness was something he did for us, you know… That is why we ought to have a duty in responding quickly to his judgement.」
Subaru can only let out a hoarse breath, as Echidna’s assertions pierce through Emilia who had tried to defend him. Whilst talking, Echidna’s gaze for a moment turned towards the fallen book on the floor behind him. Taking a look at the thick black binding of the book, Echidna continued her speech with a: 「Because,」  
Echidna:「The little girl who accompanied us is missing. Furthermore, we found a book which seemed to match with the little girl’s name in this library that records the memories of the dead… This situation is serious. We can not afford to be treading water here.」
Emilia:「That’s… Yeah, but…」
Emilia can’t find a rebuttal against Echidna’s low, insisting tone of voice. In fact, Echidna’s complaint was justified. In this messed-up situation, the only one to possess such vital information is Subaru. Taking everyone’s feelings into consideration, it can be said that everyone here has no time to spare to calm down. As she knows that, Echidna is prepared to be blamed, so with a steeled heart, she raised her questions at Subaru.
At hearing her resolve, Subaru grits his teeth again and places his hand against his throat. With all his strength, fighting against the feeling that he can’t breathe, he shut his eyes and―
Echidna:「Let me try asking again, Natsuki-kun. What did you see inside the bo―」
Subaru:「―I saw… Meili’s… memories…」
Echidna:「――――」
Subaru responds with perfect honesty to Echidna’s questions without attempting to deceive her. Just as he said that, next to her, Emilia held her breath, and in front of him, Echidna closed her eyes. Next to them, Beatrice, Julius and Ram each respectively have expressions of worry and grief floating across their faces.
『The Book of the Dead』had shown Subaru Meili’s memories. There isn’t a single person here who wouldn’t be able to understand what that meant.
Could there have been a mistake and the memories in Meili’s book had been laid out there by some error? How easy would it have been to comfort oneself by clinging onto such futile hope. However, in this place, he isn’t alone in not wanting to surrender himself to this deception and escaping towards the more comfortable option. Especially for the girls right next to Subaru whose cheeks had stiffened in distress trying to bear this.
Beatrice:「Calm down, Subaru, in fact. Calm down, and focus on regaining yourself, I suppose.」
Subaru「…So… rry」
Beatrice:「It’s okay, in fact. Right now, you can rely on Betty, I suppose… This isn’t just your fault Subaru, in fact. Don’t beat yourself up, I suppose.」
Subaru:「――――」
Beatrice had stood up and hugged Subaru’s head as he breathed unsteadily. The little girl was gently stroking his black hair with her hands. Whilst checking on Subaru’s wellbeing, which was scattered into thousands of little pieces, he notes the irony in it   
Beatrice had so benevolently said that it wasn’t Subaru’s fault. But, this was no one’s fault but『Natsuki Subaru’s』who had committed this crime. Not knowing this fact, Beatrice was speaking gently to him and treating him kindly; it was so absurd that it was almost comical, yet harrowing.  
Julius:「―Miss Ram, what do you think?」
As Beatrice and Subaru had been giving this exchange, Julius, with a serious look etched on his face had turned towards Ram and tried to get her input on the matter. Compared to the others, the complexion of those two had not paled in shock to the same extent. Following Meili’s memories, it’s known that these two had been the most wary about her. At least, Meili had felt that both Ram and Julius had never lacked in vigilance towards her, as she had once been an assassin. Conversely, she had certainly taken note of Emilia and Echidna’s carelessness towards her.   
Julius:「If you believe the words that Subaru just spoke, Miss Meili has already…」
Ram:「There’s no way Barusu would be skillful or cold-hearted enough to conjure up a lie in this situation…I’m certain that the book is Meili’s. To make sure, we could have someone else check it?」
Holding her slender arms, Ram glares down at the book that was still lying on the floor. Following that speech, Julius frowned in thought and said:
Julius:「―If I were to…」
Ram:「Would there even be any leeway for you, since you’d be reading one these books for a second time? So to speak, what if doing it a second time you end up in the same state as Barusu. Of course, we could also presume that it has only resounded to this degree in Barusu due to him being immature and inexperienced…」
Julius:「――――」
Ram:「But unfortunately, when it comes to your mindset now, whether it can be said to be more stable than Barusu’s, Ram hasn’t evaluated it as being any better.」
Standing up stiffly, Julius held his breath as he heard Ram’s words, who had narrowed her light-pink eyes. However, he quickly shook his head and said:「That’s reasonable…」
Julius:「…It’s bitter, but, I have no basis to reject the words of Miss Ram. Yesterday, when I acted in this predicament so selfishly and arbitrarily without consulting anyone… I’m definitely not qualified to do this at all.」
Echidna:「I am sorry, but I also agree.」
Echidna raised her hand up and barged her way into the conversation after hearing Julius’ self-deprecating words. And, whilst fiddling with her white scarf which was wrapped around the base of her neck, she said:   
Echidna:「However, the basis of my argument is not about the state of mind which Julius is in. Purely, I am only stating my opposition to this from looking at the state Natsuki-kun is in and saying that it’s too dangerous to try this!」
Ram:「It’s pretty much a fact that it’s dangerous. It’s quite obvious that this situation is pretty messed up.」
Julius:「Indeed. Since the last time, it seems that the influence from reading the book has come out more strongly. The only question is whether this is down to reading the book more than once or whether it’s due to the specific book you read.」
Ram:「Maybe it’s both the number of times you read it, and who the book belongs to?」
As Ram and Julius wrack their brains, Echidna nods at the two saying:「Aah,」
Echidna:「Simply put, could there be a mechanism where your burden increases the more books you read? …Or, perhaps, could it be that it warps your mind due to seeing the memories of a person that was close to you? I think the possibilities are divided into two.」
Ram:「A person close to you, huh?」
Echidna had raised her fingers up, and to her conjecture, Ram turned towards Subaru. Whilst seeing her glaring at him, Subaru desperately tried not to scream from where he was, his face pressed against the middle of Beatrice’s delicate chest.
Most likely, Echidna’s guesses were correct. The reason why Subaru’s heart had suffered so much damage was due to her latter guess ― the cause of this burden was likely because he had looked at the memories of someone he was quite well acquainted with.
People involved in closer relationships ― Those fresh records of『Life』bring a greater impact.
It’s natural that people are more interested in closer companions than people they have more distant relationships with. Subaru also wished this as a fact. As a matter of fact, Subaru… and Meili’s minds had almost merged together and he was coming to grips with that he wanted to know her.
As a result, Subaru had come to face the unfathomable emptiness in the depth of『Oneself.』That young girl had been carrying this feeling of emptiness for all of her life―
Emilia:「―Anyways, we can’t sit still without doing anything. Let’s go and search for Meili.」
A strong feeling of silence echoed across the room. It had been Emilia who had looked up firmly with both of her hands placed upon her chest and said this. Emilia had gained everyone’s attentions in the library, Subaru widened his eyes at her words.
Subaru:「Search…?」
― Search, searching… what the heck. What is the meaning of this?
― Meili, she, damn but『I』am already dead.
― Even though they never even cared about her before she died.
Emilia:「Even if we find her, it’s probably too late. If only we had been together with that girl, but probably we couldn’t have. But, at the very least, we need to find her body.」
Subaru:「――――」
Emilia:「So, no one at all knows where that little girl could have wandered off to? First of all, we shall find her… And after that, we will see what we can do. Let’s go search for her.」
Emilia’s words weren’t concrete, they were far off from being reliable and wise. What was the point of this? The insistence of the『Me』inside Subaru remained unchanging. Moreover, it should have argued that it was a useful way of using time, if it was being a realist.
However, no one in this place opposed Emilia’s suggestion. There wasn’t a single person who’d flatly deny her and say that was erring.
Therefore, what followed Emilia’s proposal was a realistic discussion on how to go about searching for Meili. She announced that they would split into groups to search for her.   
Emilia:「We have no choice but to change our plan for today. We need to split up and search for her.」
Ram:「Before we do that…Ram will go and check to see if Rem is safe. Before I went out to call for Emilia-sama, Barusu and everyone else, I was with her in the spirit’s room… I will go back now, once again.」
Julius:「That’s okay Miss Ram. …Subaru, it seems like a cruel thing to ask, but I want to make sure. Did you also happen to see Miss Meili’s last moments in her『Book of the Dead』?」
Subaru hesitated to answer Julius’ carefully worded inquiry. The answer to that question on whether he had seen Meili’s last moments is a Yes. Subaru had experienced the very moment in which Meili’s 『Life』 had been snuffed out. Her neck had been strangled, her consciousness had slipped away as she was being choked, her thoughts had been filled with hatred and despair, and then it had stopped abruptly ― it must have been in that very moment that her life had ceased.
It was Natsuki Subaru who had experienced this and had been complicit in hiding the girl’s corpse. Natsuki Subaru is helping the man who killed『me.』The Natsuki Subaru who knows『me』, was helping none other than『Natsuki Subaru』, the most detestable in this world.
Echidna:「―Natsuki-kun, I want you to answer. Did you see her last moments? Where is she now? Did you see what on earth caused her death?」
Subaru:「――――」
Echidna had kept hounding Subaru with questions to as he remained speechless. It felt like the emotions in her words indicated that she was feeling suspicious on her pretty countenance. Her words made him feel on edge. His heartbeat quickens, his back starts to sweat. He fears that Beatrice, by his side, could notice this.
―In fact, Subaru wonders if everyone knows that he had some involvement in Meili’s death.
Subaru wonders if they already know and are feigning ignorance in order to draw out a confession from him by cornering him with devious tricks. These crazy ideas cross his mind. But, each time these ideas had come to his mind, the look in their eyes denied these thoughts as being plausible.
Emilia, Beatrice, Echidna and Julius’ eyes had turned towards Subaru. His hands stained with blood, his thoughts scuzzy, Subaru is only struggling to frantically protect himself. He possesses such an ugly, rotten heart; that’s what it seems like. Then, better yet, listen to『my』desires―
Subaru:「―I didn’t see up until the point where she died. There’s no doubt though that she’s inside the tower though.」
Subaru bit down firmly the temptations brought by『her.』Dangerous feelings are sprouting up deep down inside of him ― she was trying to convince Subaru to confess to his crime. That was the sweet curse left behind by Meili Portroute.
These thoughts are certainly newly born within Subaru. They want Emilia and the others to find Meili’s dead body. Find her, mourn her, repent for what had happened, make him feel sorrow; the thoughts inside of him want to relieve the emotions coiled within his heart.
He was getting to the point where he too no longer knew who out of Natsuki Subaru,『Myself』, and『Natsuki Subaru』desired what.
Echidna:「… Do you have any strength left to read the book again?」
Beatrice:「Echidna!」
Echidna had thrown out a suggestion at him which you could call completely ruthless, as he struggled to decide on what he wanted. For a second, Subaru tried to reply with a「If you say I have to do it」, but before he could, Beatrice had snapped at her. While still hugging Subaru’s head, Beatrice’s round eyes sharpened.
Beatrice:「What name does Betty have to shout out, in fact…! In any case, I won’t let that happen, I suppose. Past this, I oppose it, for both emotional and other reasons, in fact.」
Echidna:「Given the risks of being joined together as one, I would never have seriously recommended it. I wanted to make sure he was prepared just in case, that’s all. Y’know, It wasn’t my intention to make him do it even if he insisted.」
Beatrice:「…let’s pray that was what you were really thinking, I suppose.」
Beatrice speaks angrily over his shoulder to Echidna who was hastily taking back her words. Immediately after this exchange, it was Emilia and Julius simultaneously who broke the awkward silence that the two had left behind.
Emilia:「Stop this now! I also don’t agree with making Subaru do more reckless things. I also don’t want us to be forever discussing this here. …we need to start moving quickly.」
Julius:「I completely agree with Emilia-sama. ―In these circumstances, we can assume it’s very likely that an accident befell Miss Meili. Something may have happened like slipping off the balcony or off the stairs, or she could have gone outside the tower…」
Shaula:「―That’s not what haappened.」
Out of nowhere, Shaula who hadn’t participated in the conversation until then, had interjected to deny the concerns that Julius had blurted out. She had picked up Meili’s『Book of the Dead』that had fell down underneath the woman’s feet. Whilst picking it up by its spine, she was shaking it from left to right.
Shaula:「Beeecause, if Chibiko Number 2 had gone outside the tower, I would definitely have turned into a killing machine! What I mean by that is that no one went outy-side~」
Emilia:「You sure are quick to touch the book that we hesitate to touch, for some reason.」
Shaula:「Leaving it out on the floor makes me feel kinda anxious. Like, what if someone thinks that it’s disrespectful towards the library…I don’t actually want to be a presence kill-’em-all, you know?」
(Note: Shaula says something in Engrish here which makes absolutely no sense. Doesn’t even seem to be a reference.)
Whilst saying this, Shaula was throwing the『Book of the Dead』around her hands as if she was juggling it. Her attitude seemed to be one born out of fear of disrespecting the library, however, it felt more unscrupulous in effect than anything. Julius scowled at her attitude.  
Julius:「Miss Shaula, I would like for you to stop messing about with the book. You’re…」
Shaula:「You guys think that my heart isn’t filled with grief or something like thaaat? I’m not sure I said such a thing. For sure Chibiko Number 2 clung to me quite often. I also didn’t dislike Number 2, but… ultimately, except for Master, I don’t give a fig about anyone elseee!」
Looking quite indifferent, Shaula smiled and disregarded Julius’ words. He couldn’t catch a glimpse of any evil intent in what she had said. It was undoubtedly what Shaula really felt, at least, that’s how Subaru perceived it.
In brief, she’s a person who also finds it hard to comprehend certain emotions within her heart, compared to ordinary people. ―Actually, no. Ever since he came to this place Subaru, has only had a limited amount of contact with them; it’s no wonder he isn’t able to comprehend their true feelings.
He wonders what complex emotions could be hiding on the other side of the mask of her smiling face.
Though, that was just something he’d came to realise all too well now, after assimilating『my』life.
Emilia:「―Let’s split up, we’ll look for Meili. Subaru, you stay here with Beatrice.」
In between Subaru’s self-condemnation and the awkward atmosphere left behind by Shaula, Emilia raised her voice and cuts in with a few words to urge them all into action. Subaru’s heart panged with shame at hearing the girl’s instructions. They want to find『me』―   
Emilia:「Beatrice, I’m leaving Subaru to you, ok? I’m going to go look around where Reid is.」
Beatrice:「Very well, in fact. ―Emilia and everybody else, Be careful, I suppose.」
Exchanging these words, and placing him under Beatrice’s care, Emilia and Beatrice sort out everyone’s roles, praying for some stroke of luck in this situation. Emilia took Ram, Echidna and Julius with her, and went back into the tower to search for Meili. As he sees them disappearing out of the library, Subaru can’t find any words to see them off―
Beatrice:「―Well then, I guess you aren’t thinking about going with them, in fact.」
After seeing off the search party, she had been left behind next to Subaru. Whilst glaring at Shaula, Beatrice had bluntly said this. At receiving Beatrice’s scathing glance, Shaula replied in an exaggerated tone:「Buuuuuuut」
Shaula:「You gotta remember my role here is just as Stars-Keeper, nooo? So, given that I’ve taken that title, my body and soul belong to Master… so if Master was to wish for it, I would follow his requests with all I haaave.」
Beatrice:「If that’s the case, then you must also go and search for Meili, I suppose. Don’t just dawdle here.」
Shaula:「Hm, reaaally, is that so?」
Shaula had craned her neck and looked towards Subaru with a look on her face that looked almost coquettish. Looking over Beatrice’s head, she questions Subaru about it directly. There’s something bewitching about her appearance ― rather than the usual nonchalant appearance on her face, for the first time her facial expression showed signs of something else other than the usual youthful demeanour she has.
Subaru:「――――」
Subaru’s heart once again leapt at seeing the charm in her face, it was as if he had been surprise attacked. He reflexively raised his face up and looked back into Shaula’s black irises, in which he couldn’t read anything from. Face-to-face with Subaru, Shaula’s lips relax, and showing no traces of malintention she holds the『Book of the Dead』in front of her ample breasts.  
Shaula:「If Master wished me to do so, I would even knock down the moooon. That’s why I want to hear it from Master, not from the half-witch, or from Chibiko Number 1 or from the pretty boy.」
Subaru:「I…」
Shaula:「Master, what should I dooo? Do you want me to look for Chibiko Number Twooo? Or…?」
Shaula trailed off her words, choosing not to say anything past that point. However, while looking for Subaru’s decision and while she held the『Book of the Dead』by her breasts, Shaula refrained herself from saying any more. Subaru reflected but couldn’t come up with anything to say to her unwavering attitude.  
Where was the right answer deep down in himself?
Subaru:「――――」
His conflicted emotions towards what Emilia and the others had suggested were proof of Natsuki Subaru’s current contradictory existence.
―Meili Portroute… her life, which by no means could be said to have been long.
By having read the contents within her『Book of the Dead』, it had snatched away at him as it liked, as if digesting parts of him; blasphemously chewed, swallowed, and digested with an invisible stomach. 『Natsuki Subaru』had fully savoured the life of『me』in twice the meaning of it.
As a result, the mixed consciousnesses of Natsuki Subaru and『Natsuki Subaru』were divided into something which half resembled schizophrenia, having also now taken in the little girl.
― Subaru wants to conceal the manner in which Meili had『died.』
― Subaru wishes them to find Meili’s dead body that he himself had hid.
― Subaru hates『Natsuki Subaru』who killed『me.』
And thus, contradicting wishes were born inside of Subaru, spurring him in trying to make their desires come true.
Subaru:「―Shaula, go and search for Meili. Please go and help Emilia and everyone else.」
Before he could even notice it, Subaru was issuing out something like an order regarding what to do about Meili. Receiving his instructions, Shaula raised her eyebrows and straightened her body into a salute.  
Shaula:「Roger that! If that’s what Master wishes, I will do whateeever you desire!」
Winking at him, whilst giving him a loving salute, Shaula held out the book towards Subaru. He received from her the book which felt like a black weight in that moment; Shaula stuck out her tongue at Subaru whose face had scrunched up into a frown. She looked somewhat mischievous, just like she was getting her own back; she turned away from Subaru and she jumped down the library stairs with one giant leap. He sees her swaying black hair gradually disappearing from his sights. Feeling as if he had been released from a great tension, Subaru let out a sigh of relief.  
Subaru:「Such strange things…」
― The falsely accused Natsuki Subaru, who doesn’t want to divulge his participation in the crime, or let them find her dead body.
―『I』, the victim, wish for them to find my body and clear the anger and regret from myself.
―『Natsuki Subaru』, the perpetrator, who murders people and piles up acts of wickedness one after the other.
All of these thoughts exist alongside each other in one body; all of them loom over and try to press Natsuki Subaru into selecting one of their choices. If he truly only cared about his own skin, he would have shut his mouth regarding Meili’s life and death; he would have worked his brain harder to falsify the contents that he had seen within the『Book of the Dead.』
In fact, he couldn’t really have done that, Subaru wouldn’t really have the intelligence to do such an act, but more than that, he felt hostility towards『Natsuki Subaru』and emphasised towards『My』own regrets ― there was anger towards himself, in letting such a wicked being do as it pleases.
It’s true that last time, and the time before that, and even before that, that someone had been behind Subaru dying. But even that seems like as if it’s a plot set up by『Natsuki Subaru』lurking inside of Subaru. It seems likely that it’s a trap setup to make Subaru act rashly and hate the others.
After all, what he had thought before reading the『Book of the Dead』was right, wasn’t it. Emilia, Meili and everyone else, not one of them was truly evil… the only one who is evil is Natsuki Subaru, isn’t it.
Beatrice:「Subaru, it’s not good for you to be languishing in thought, in fact. It’d be better if you let go of that book, I suppose.」
Subaru:「――――」
Just noticing her, Beatrice was kneeling right beside him, looking at him with a look of concern in her eyes. Right in front of him, she was giving him a look of concern ― It resurfaced in his mind that Emilia had looked at him in the exact same way. A sense of discomfort takes hold of Subaru’s heart.    
The emotions that Beatrice was letting off ― they weren’t directed towards Natsuki Subaru himself, rather, they were directed at『Natsuki Subaru.』It seems like such a terribly dishonest thing to do in having received this himself after having hidden the fact that he’d lost his memory, and on top of that, having kept his silence about the true nature of『Natsuki Subaru.』
Shouldn’t he tell them? Before he knew it, it had been the current Natsuki Subaru who had snatched Meili’s『Life』from her. If that’s what was going to happen, then, before that danger is once again turned towards Emilia, Beatrice and the others―
Subaru:「…Why are you so kind to me?」
Beatrice:「―. Wait, that’s such a sudden question, in fact. What’s the matter, I suppose.」
Subaru:「No, nevermind…」
As a final word on this matter, if he is to crack the meaning behind these relationships that he had borrowed, maybe he needs to hear what had happened before becoming like so ― their real opinion. He needs to know the real meaning of why Emilia, Beatrice and everyone else have such so much faith and are always turning towards『Natsuki Subaru.』
Subaru:「――――」
The moment he had tried to put some deep thought into it, a feeling of hesitation arises inside of Subaru’s heart. That which『I』 had turned towards Elsa. Emilia and the others, who in this world treat Natsuki Subaru as someone close to them, that which they turn towards『 Natsuki Subaru.』
A gemstone that only Natsuki Subaru could have, that only he could gaze upon. The traces, the lingering scent, the remnants, the warmth that should have been there, why was it that only Natsuki Subaru was exposed to it in such proximity?
Subaru:「――――」
Why, such a man…
Why, such a cruel human being…
Why, a man with such a cruel smile…
Why, this man involved in the death of Elsa…
Why, this man who laughed as he murdered Meili…
Why, this man who tried to conceal『My』death…
Why, is such a man, this man, this man — so loved?
Subaru:「――――」
I want to know. I don’t know. I want to know. I don’t know. Only me, only Subaru, only『I』do not know the reason. I don’t know. I don’t understand. It’s all so one-sided.
Subaru:「――――」
If I ask, will I understand? If I ask, will I be able to call it into question? Can you tell me?
Did you think it was genuine? The smile I expressed… the smile I showed was a fake… there was emptiness in my heart. That’s because everyone wears masks, even you, Natsuki Subaru. Even despite you not having wanted to show it to your mother and father outside the house.
If there’s a way to know the truth, then where is it. What do they all really think of me, what are their true feelings, why do they all believe in『Natsuki Subaru』?
『I』can give that to you ― A way to know about this.
Subaru:「――――」
A voice resonating in his mind cruelly seduces him. And he realises that the solution to the problem that had dominated his thoughts for so long was close by.
Hadn’t there been up until now a way to know the answer to this resting in between his arms?
Beatrice:「Subaru?」
Staring at the silent Subaru, Beatrice narrowed her eyes with uneasiness. Without returning her gaze, Subaru simply looked down between his arms.
Subaru:「――――」
― A black, heavy tome, it seemed like it was offering a gruesome welcome to his curiosity.

※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※


Chapter 49
Subaru: 「――――」
Subaru was silent whilst he looked down at the black cover of the『Book of the Dead』which he held in between his arms.
Beatrice nestles closer to him, and feeling her worried and strange gaze, Subaru doesn’t dare to move.
Until now, what had dominated Natsuki Subaru’s mind were questions he’d ask himself without any particular answer, as if engaging in zen dialogue. 1 
The truth is, what had occupied Subaru’s mind were just shallow thoughts that could be discarded as just wasteful thinking. They were the laughable, vague questions of a child.
―Everyone, no matter who, always has an inner face which others would never see.
This was an obvious truth which everyone learned as they come of age. The expression of hatred behind a smile, the sorrow and tears behind their anger. It is human beings that can pretend that these emotions don’t exist, While hiding their true feelings.
It is impossible to fully understand the true wishes, the true desires, the true intentions, of those human beings.
Brothers, sisters, parents, children, spouses, family members… you can never fully come to understand any of them. Friends, childhood friends, best friends, lovers… no matter how close your relationship becomes, by no means is it ever possible to uncover what is hidden deep inside them.
What they love. What they desire. What they prefer. Who they let their guard down around. Who they feel comfortable with. These were completely different problems to those various connections of mind and body.
Indeed, he knows that. But, still, he doesn’t want to abandon these thoughts just for the sake of it. He wants to know, he wants to understand it, he wants to hear it, he wants them to reveal everything. That is his arrogant, but desired wish. Even more so, when it involves both his own and the others lives hanging by a thread. Even if there is absolutely no way to do it, nor would one come to be.
―No, there was supposed to be absolutely no way to do it.
He laughed at the thought of it, sure there was supposed to be absolutely no way to do such a thing. But, in this Taygeta library, Subaru ended up finding out how.
「――――」
Meili Portoute. By reading her『Book of the Dead』, Subaru vicariously experienced Meili’s life, understood what she thought and felt, and who she hated at the time of her demise.
Of course, this extremely short experience did not define Meili entirely. The time she had spent alive was too long to even accept all her individual events into his brain. Even if it had been a short life that she had lived, he could by no means have absorbed into him all of her memories.
Eagerly gnawing away at the key points, drinking them in with the intention of understanding Meili. Those were how Natsuki Subaru felt right now, such was painfully clear to see.
However, but, even so. By comprehending that he didn’t understand even a bit of the girl, Subaru now had a deeper understanding of Meili than ever before.
―There was a person whom『I』cherished. Her life was stolen away from me, and, now alone, my heart continued to wander. Being with Subaru and the others, who were the ones responsible for that, I struggled to understand what exactly my purpose was. I went to the library to find her『Book of the Dead』, and I felt ashamed and in despair when I was discovered.
Meili, whom Subaru knew absolutely nothing about. He had discovered the girl’s innermost feelings and desires without even expecting it, and thus he had realised.
This『Book of the Dead』itself was the means to truly find out the true intentions of others, without any falsehoods between.
Subaru:「――――」
It was just that he wants to know, that’s the only thing he desires. The real intentions of Emilia, Beatrice, and the others in the tower is what he wishes to know. He wants to know why they put so much trust in『Natsuki Subaru.』
Why do they believe『Natsuki Subaru』who was responsible for killing『Me』? And now, what do they think of Subaru who desperately pretends to be the despicable『Natsuki Subaru』?
Intimacy is just camouflage, hatred is the reality, and feelings like anger, sadness and joy are temporary. Hostility and malice, aren’t those their true feelings?
I don’t know. I want to know. I want to trust them. I can’t trust them. Are Emilia and the others allies, or are they enemies; are they enemies who killed Subaru, or are they allies that want him to live? Can he love them, or can’t he? Can he hate them or can’t he?
―Won’t he obtain that answer by reading their『Book of the Dead』?
Beatrice: 「…Subaru, you really look terrible, in fact. If you are feeling uneasy here, it’d be better if we went somewhere else for you to rest, I suppose.」
Touching Subaru’s shoulder, who was immersed in thought, Beatrice gives her suggestion. Subaru was rendered breathless for a minute, being trapped by the gaze of her characteristic blue butterfly pattern in her eyes. Looking at it, the girl’s tiny, tiny palm rested on Subaru’s shoulder.
What would happen if he took her hand, grabbed her head and smashed it on the floor with all his strength?
Subaru:「How, small…」
Beatrice:「Wh… what are you suddenly starting to say in fact? This smallness is exactly the reason behind Betty’s loveliness, I suppose. Subaru has also said that in fact.」
Subaru reflexively relaxes his cheeks, as Beatrice sullenly blurts this out. Certainly, if Subaru was in his normal state, it wouldn’t be weird for him to have said that. Noticing the similarity between himself and『Natsuki Subaru』, he smiles bitterly.
Small. Truly, Beatrice was just, a small child. Her neck was thin and her bones fragile. The hand that rested on Subaru’s shoulder was small enough to be fully covered by his palm. If he put even a bit of strength into his arms whilst hugging her, it seems like her fragile body would break. If these thoughts are turned to actions, he should be able to easily kill her.
―If he kills her, if her life blinks out of existence, will her book appear in the library?
???:『Just like you did with me, n~o.』
Subaru:「――――」
Suddenly, Subaru hears a voice from his subconscious, one which would be impossible to call his own. It is somewhat sweet, glossy enough to sound adult, but it was a strangely『familiar』voice. In that short period of time, the voice became familiar enough that he could call it his own.
The voice inside him was that of the dead little girl who mocks Natsuki Subaru’s intentions.
Subaru:「――――」
However, Subaru discards this event, concentrating on the matter in front of him. That is, whether the『Book of the Dead』could be realistically utilised.
If so, then how would he go about making this come true―,
Beatrice:「Your face looks really pale, I suppose. Indeed, we should go somewhere else in fact. But before that…」
Subaru:「―ah」
Beatrice:「I must return that where it originally was, I suppose. It’s no good for Betty too, to be in the haze, in fact.」
Saying that, Beatrice takes the『Book of the Dead』from Subaru’s stiff hands. She holds it cautiously to ensure the book doesn’t open, and places it where there was an empty gap in the bookshelf; the place where it originally was.
Beatrice:「It’s easy to understand and remember where I positioned it, I suppose. However, it’s possible that the books in this library will just start moving on it’s own…」
Subaru:「A safety measure, huh… that’s, mhm, yeah, I suppose that’s right.」
Beatrice:「You ought to think that bringing it out is pretty dangerous in fact. This is safer than throwing them out onto the floor because Shaula is worried about that, I suppose.」
Subaru:「I feel like being in this library is a once in a lifetime opportunity.」
Subaru dryly spits these words out as he replies to Beatrice.
In reality, even in the world which Subaru knows, it’s said that opportunities like coming across a book which has been published a number of years ago only come once. Just like coming across a second-hand bookstore whilst travelling, if he misses out on this opportunity, he may never find the book ever again. This speculation may also apply to this library.
Like usual, had he been overthinking this? No doubt that this thought is bothering him.
Either way, whilst warily looking at Beatrice’s back as she struggles to arrange the books, Subaru immerses himself deeper and deeper into his sea of thoughts.
Awfully realistically, counting backwards the lives from the warmth he’d felt, he searched for a way to kill her. Although, Beatrice isn’t the only one he should think about. Every single one of the members who are inside the tower are in a position to becoming a target to Subaru’s plan involving the『Books of the Dead.』
Meili:『So you want to try and kill them because you want to check if they can be trusted, or if they should be doubted; Onii-san truly is wa~rped.』
The voice of the little girl interrupted him, causing Subaru to inwardly click his tongue.
The first thing thing he wants to say back to her is that he thinks that this is a necessary thought-experiment. By no means is Subaru a psychopath that is dominated by homicidal impulses, he isn’t controlled by such abnormal urges whereby he must take pleasure in deeds like that. But, right now, when he was thinking this through, this had been the only choice that had come to his mind. It seemed rational.
Meili:『Enough with the excuses… I wo~nder, can’t you just tell me what you’re going to do?』
―It would be very easy to get rid of Beatrice.
This is because Subaru can see her back… unprotected, defenceless, completely unguarded. It can be clearly stated that Beatrice’s life is precariously balanced by a thread which depends entirely on Subaru’s flawed reasoning. When that “rationality” surpasses reason, Subaru will very likely take the girl’s life quite easily. When it comes to Beatrice, the only options he has are to do or to not do. It seemed possible to entirely disregard the countless other possibilities that branched off as an alternative from his standpoint.   
Meili:『We~ll, what a~bout the half-witch Onee-san?』
The likes of Emilia would be even easier… a piece of cake. Once, he had even seized her by the neck after he had woken up. In the past, she hadn’t shown any signs of resistance. As long as Subaru put all of his strength into his arms, he could easily break that fragile neck of hers. Certainly he can say that she has strength similar to that of a pro wrestler, but it means nothing unless she is prepared to use it. If in an instant, he strangles her neck with all his strength…
Meili:『Hee hee hee, it’s your speciality, e~h?』
―Ram, despite her sharp tongue, is in essence also merely a weak girl. It reminded Subaru about the time she cried while pressing her head against him, entreating him for his memories. With her thin arms desperately embracing him, weak, she was just a girl after all. Echidna is also the same way. Come to think of it, they’re all weak girls. He really made the wrong selection of people if the mission was to cross the desert. As much as he would have liked to have more suitable people with him, there really just weren’t enough people to go around.
Therefore, even though Subaru could take advantage of that chance, the last obstacle in his way is a different story.
Subaru:「―Julius.」
The only man who is the same as Subaru, until even now this character which carries a sword in hand, is an obstacle that stood in his way. It’d be impossible for him to say that it would be a good idea to strike at him head-on ― you could also it’s a suicidal act to strike at Emilia head-on, but that’s a whole other story.
In any case, if he was to implement the『Book of the Dead』plan, he will be the biggest wall in his way. In other words, Julius is the one he should beat first.
Meili:『With the amount of time it takes to search for the books, however much time you have, it’s not going to be enough r~ight?』
According to the words of the girl, Subaru’s purpose isn’t simply “kill and be done with it”. Rather, killing is a necessity, a passing point that must be cleared — as his desires lay in front, on the side of the『Books of the Dead』obtained in exchange for death.
For that purpose, it is necessary to be certain. He had killed, he had failed, so he could not let it end like this. Beyond this, he has a goal.
Beatrice:「Subaru, that’s enough books for the moment, in fact. Let’s get far away from here… like the Spirit’s Room or somewhere like that, I suppose. You should calm down there, in fact.」
Subaru:「Spirit’s… room…」
Beatrice, coming back, taking Subaru’s hand helps him to stand up; Subaru is reminded of the room with the spirit, and his restart point came to mind. That place is the green room, and at that place—
Subaru:「Patrasche…」
Beatrice:「…You’re saying that earth dragon’s name again… Jeez, there’s no point worrying about a partner like you, I suppose. I was the worried one…I cant believe this, in fact.」
Subaru:「… So- sorry. I didn’t mean it like that.」
For a moment, the figure of the black earth dragon brushed his mind, and his lips softened. As Beatrice watched, Subaru hurriedly came back to his senses. However, even in this scene, Patrasche remains the only one who Subaru can put his trust in.
Actually, only Patrasche who ran the risk of death to defend Subaru, regardless of its true intentions or feelings, a being who remained by the side of Natsuki Subaru—
Meili:『Really? If she knew that Onii-san isn’t 『Natsuki Subaru』, I still wo~nder if she would do the same thing.』
Subaru:「――――」
Meili:『After all, on Onii-san’s side… there isn’t anyone, is there?』
Resonating in his mind is a smiling voice, mocking Subaru. Haunting him, an existence that differs from Natsuki Subaru tries to break his optimism.
It was a silly point, and he would’ve been better off laughing it away. However, at this moment, Subaru couldn’t afford that. His heart came to half-agree with the girl’s words.
If they were to discover that even the kindness that made Patrasche throw her everything at him, that which was directed at “Natsuki Subaru”, and that the current Subaru was a fake, he reckoned she would come to disregard him.
Beatrice:「Hey, Subaru, give me your hand, I suppose.」
Subaru:「A, sure…」
His brain being toyed around by the girl’s voice, Subaru grits his teeth with emotions that were hard to accept.
Consequently, his vision started to shift out of focus. Holding out her hand, in an attempt to hold his, suddenly she made a face indicating that she had noticed something. Her gaze staring at Subaru’s wrist — she noticed it.
Beatrice:「There are scratches, in fact… and, so many…」
Rolling up the sleeve of Subaru’s right arm, Beatrice furrowed her eyebrows at the scratches, pathetic and painful to look at. Even if it seemed she did not notice the scratches deeply bored further up in his arm, just the forearm is enough.
Subaru:「――――」
At the moment, Beatrice does not know how Meili had died. She therefore shouldn’t be able to immediately connect these scratches with Meili’s death. But, even discounting this, she should be wondering where on earth he got these scratches.
If Meili’s corpse is found, she will inevitably be suspicious.
Subaru:「――――」
His unprepared heart began beating like an alarm bell going off.
Before his eyes, laying her eyes upon his hand, Beatrice did not notice that expression of his. With instant action it would be possible to take care of Beatrice.
Meili:『What are you gonna doo? Shouldn’t you get started already?』
As if playing with his self-confidence, the voice urges Subaru to a decision. His temple throbbed from the blood circulating through it, along with his pounding heart. As things were, depending on what Beatrice continued with, he’d have to…
Beatrice:「It seems you scratched your arm again. A bad habit, I suppose.」
Subaru:「……ah?」
Beatrice:「This isn’t good, in fact. If Emilia had noticed it, you would have made her really worried, I suppose. Even Betty can’t overlook this when it’s this bad, in fact.」
Tracing Subaru’s scars with her fingers, Beatrice painfully cast her eyes down. Following those remarks, Subaru was unable to move from the unexpected impact of her words.
It was almost as if Beatrice was familiar with the scratches that covered Subaru’s arm.
Even so, supposing the others notice the scratches on Subaru, it is still completely different from the horrible situation, for entirely different reasons — there’s no mistaking that this time the arm is scratched in self-mutilation. She had even said that she had concealed this from Emilia, which in itself was shocking.
Beatrice:「If you go to the room with the spirit, these wounds will be healed as well, I suppose. But still, because Betty cannot bear looking at it, Betty will heal it even if a little bit.」
As she says so, Beatrice wraps Subaru’s wrist with a pale light. The cosy sensation that came about, warm was it was, was perhaps the twinge of his wounds healing up. Healing magic is what is being shown before his eyes.
Subaru:「――――」
At the same moment, any hostility that Subaru had for Beatrice inside was rapidly swept away. Along with this warmth, the humanity of Natsuki Subaru, which had ruptured along with the wounds on his wrist, certainly seemed to be restored as well.
Meili:『Boooring.』
The little girl grumbled In Subaru’s head, as if her hopes had been betrayed. Whilst listening to her directly in his skull, Subaru swallowed down the evil environment that had taken root in his head.
Certainly, it had been an option. But, it had been nothing more than an option. There is no need for him to lead himself in the direction that longs for their『Book of the Dead. 』Especially in a situation where he hadn’t any preparation.
Subaru:「――――」
Inflicting harm on Beatrice right now is not a good idea. His preparations are not ready yet. Even if he takes the worst possible means, it must be done after thorough plans are made. As such, now, this place―
Beatrice:「Come now, let’s go, I suppose. Subaru. Betty will eventually talk about it to everyone afterwards, in fact.」
Subaru:「―Alright. Sorry to bother you, Beatrice.」
Beatrice:「Promise not to speak about this, I suppose.」
Although he did not know whether the concern of the girl before his eyes is genuine or not, Natsuki Subaru thought that he ought to listen to her.

※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
― Firstly, though this is unrelated, there exists a phrase.
―『Murder becomes a habit.』
That is one of the phrases the famous detective, Hercule Poirot, left the world with.
―『Murder becomes a habit.』
The meaning of this phrase doesn’t refer to a person who has killed a human being and then suddenly wakes up with a preference for murdering people, who then repeats the crime to satisfy their cravings.
―『Murder becomes a habit.』
It refers to someone who solved their problem once by murder, for them, whenever another problem arises, they will think about trying to break through the problem through murder again.
―『Murder becomes a habit.』
By the time they start to consider that murder is not one of those options, the utmost important thing would have had already changed.
―『Murder becomes a habit.』
The truth is, even if there was a single murderer who didn’t commit a crime by his own will, even if he dislikes the act, even if you see a glimpse of the memory of the one who had been harmed by such an action, that habit does not go.
―『Murder becomes a habit.』
That habit… it does not go.
―『Murder becomes a habit.』

※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※


Chapter 50
Gradually, he becomes aware of a sensation of numbness coming out from his arm. Slowly but steadily, the scratch marks of Meili’s dying throes were starting to vanish and heal. Realizing that he was being healed, Subaru turned his eyes away from his sleeve.
Subaru:「…Well, this room was certainly the big deal it was made out to be.」
They’d said that the Spirit who resided in this ivy-filled room healed the wounds of living beings, here in this room. That said, Subaru hadn’t had the experience of visiting the room with any trauma up until now, had doubted how effective it would be. While relishing the sensation of his wounds actually being healed, he was being made to reconsider that he’d been unnecessarily suspicious.
Meili:『Despite it being my dying message, Onii-san is sti~ll being awful.』
Subaru:「――――」
Meili:『But, Beatrice-chan’s judgement was terribly helpful, r~ight? Thanks to her, the evidence left around your wrists will disappea~r.』
The shade of the little girl who is incessantly speaking inside his head annoys him. What really anguished him, was that the girl’s words really struck deep into his heart, to the point it was impossible to say that they didn’t reflect Subaru’s inner thoughts.
He doesn’t know whether this little girl’s shade is running rampant due to being part of Subaru, or whether it had been because of her ghost literally possessing him after reading her『Book of the Dead.』
Whatever the reason may be, he mustn’t bend his ear to what the little girl is saying. He mustn’t listen to her. Just that fact brought his sense of annoyance.
Thus, Subaru consciously closes his mind to the sound of these incessant hallucinations. However, the more Subaru tries to seclude himself in his own shell, the louder and more talkative her shade becomes, growing more impish in poking fun at Subaru. The most annoying thing was―    
Meili:『Right now, you don’t have Beatrice beside you anymore, do yo~u? Since there’s no one in your way, why don’t you just get rid of that sleeping gi~rl?』
Subaru:「―hk」
Meili:『Hehe… don’t start looking like you’re about to cry. I know you’re trying to ignore me, but you can’t, ah, Onii-san’s such an adorable guy! 』
The little girl’s voice, which had no corporeal presence, was heard by Subaru as if it was a whisper in his ear. If he closes his eyes, it feels like the little girl’s gently leaning on his back, her figure spitting out these sweet words to his ears accompanied by sweet sighs; it almost feels like he is able to see her hallucination.
She had been brought to the spirit’s room for rest, and once again Subaru was presented with the same choice as when he had held the『Book of the Dead.』Beatrice was on her way to tell Emilia and the others that Subaru had left the Taygeta library and that she had brought him to this room. Right now, Subaru had procured some time where no-one would be able to see what was going on. And, right in front of him lay the girl who is sleeping on the ivy bed just as if she were an offering to him… all alone―
Subaru:「…Rem」
Even if he tries to say the name of the comatose girl out loud, no emotions rise within Subaru. He has no memories known of her, he only knows her name. All he knows is that she’s Ram’s twin sister, and that she was one of Emilia’s companions. And that they had come to this tower looking for a way to wake her up from her long slumber.
―Beyond that, he wants to know more.
Meili:『The means are there. It’s either you do it or you don’t do i~t.』
The sweet girl’s temptation reminds Subaru, whether he is willing or not, about the『Books of the Dead』plan. Even though now she had fallen into a deep sleep, there must certainly have been a relation of some sort with Subaru around the time when she had been in good health. By borrowing the powers of her『Book of the Dead』, he can find out what kind of relationship and feelings she had towards Subaru.
Above all, he would be able to take that life far more easily than Meili’s. The likes of this girl who is in a comatose state could even be suffocated by just smothering her face with a damp cloth. He must do it quickly, quickly, quickly, quickly, quickly, quickly…
Subaru:「… Am I being stupid? No, I’m definitely being stupid.」
Restraining the feeling of impatience brimming in his arm, Subaru rethinks his foolish idea. Immediately carrying something out like that wouldn’t be good. Jumping at the situation in front of his eyes, as if drooling, would have no meaning if there wasn’t a continuation.
Killing is the method. Subaru desires to find out what everyone truly thinks of him. As far as it comes to achieving that result, this was also a good moment to screw up how he’d do it, and rush the killings.
Even at the Taygeta Library, hadn’t he thought the same way? If he is to carry out his『Book of the Dead』plan, he needs to carefully choose the right order to eliminate them in.
Subaru:「Julius, Emilia, Shaula, Ram, Echidna, Beatrice, Rem…」
Counting them on his fingers, Subaru lists the people who remain inside the tower, excluding Meili ― namely, the order in which he’d prefer to get their『Book of the Dead』if at all possible. This order should enumerate who’d become most likely to become a hindrance to his execution of the『Book of the Dead』plan. Conversely, unless he followed this hit-list he had come up with, if he were rush into it and act then it wouldn’t work out ― he doesn’t want to screw up.
Meili:『If you don’t, then you’ll end up missing out on killing them. How scary.』
Subaru:「――――」
He keeps his silence with the talkative shade. She seemed to give off quite a strong hint of displeasure towards him. Nevertheless, even if he tries to speak to her, her behaviour doesn’t change. It remains the same.
Subaru doesn’t necessarily want to kill Emilia and the others. But still, if he has to kill them, he wants to go through with that once. Only once, only once is fine. And only if he has a complete plan.
Subaru:「――――」
And thus, with that in mind, Subaru sighs as piercing yellow eyes gaze at him. Noticing them, the gaze came from the figure sitting right next to the sleeping girl in this spirit room ― the gaze had come from his jet black Earth Dragon, Patrasche.
Patrasche’s gaze seems like it’s filled with worry and gloom as she looks towards the exhausted Subaru. She may have worked out that before leaving this place for a while, Beatrice had said「Keep an eye on Subaru」to her. As long as Patrasche’s eyes are focused on him, no matter how frustrated he gets, he will be unable to commit any violence towards the sleeping girl. In that respect, he would like to thank Patrasche for having made him not make a premature decision in this matter.
But, after reading the『Book of the Dead』, Subaru was becoming unable to direct solid trust towards anyone, even to Patrasche who he had felt a great deal of affection to.
Subaru:「…I wonder… is this all going to your plan,『Natsuki Subaru』?」
He wants to believe in them. The more he ponders about their true intentions, the more Natsuki Subaru isolates himself within this different world where he has no one to turn to. Isn’t this clearly because of the game presented by the wicked『Natsuki Subaru』?
Subaru:「――――」
Bit by bit, the scratches that had been caused by Meili continue healing. Whilst savouring the feeling of his aches and pains fading away, Subaru rolls up his sleeve to where the painful scars showing『Natsuki Subaru was here』were carved in. He traces his nails above the scabs, and realises they are also being healed.   
He doesn’t mind that the scratches which served as proof of his horrible criminal acts were fading― No, not his, he hadn’t been “himself” then. However, the message that indicated the self that wasn’t his self, only that could he not erase.
Subaru:「This message as well.」
The wound that had been carved into his left arm, and the one in his right arm too, had both been scratched in a similar manner. On his still unfamiliar black arm which is mottled by black spots, there is a wound that at first had not been there. He had carved this wound there as if he was returning the favour for the wound that had been carved into his left arm by his other self.   
――『Who are you?』He holds that serious question engraved into him as a wound.
Subaru:「――――」
And so, while injuring himself without giving a toss about his own body, Subaru, at the same time, was unable to recognise something.
Subaru:「―hgh」
The fact that Patrasche gazes pitifully at the wound left behind on Subaru’s arm, as a result of his own self harm. Even if the scratches Meili had given him were to disappear, if they were to look at Meili’s own hands, they would find it clear that she had died trying to put up a fight trying to desperately ward off the one who had killed her. The logic of thinking that he had concealed Meili’s murder from everyone was based entirely on his terribly sloppy cleanup afterwards.
All it would take is for one gear to collapse to set everything into motion. He feels like a marionette being dangled from the top of this tower, standing on thin ice, turning his face away from the root of his problems, an amusing clown desperately fighting to keep his balance… that is what Subaru has become.
However, this amusing clown’s performance will finally earn itself a curtain call without encountering any more obstacles in his way. And that is because―
Luckily for him, Meili Portroute’s corpse『had not been found』anywhere.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
Subaru:「――――」
The atmosphere around the dinner table was awfully heavy between everyone as they looked at each other. This was due to the dangerous circumstances that they had found themselves in― half of them had recognized that their desperate search for Meili’s body had been fruitless and that they had already been far too late.
Although they were too few to call their search an “All out frontal assault”, they had still split into groups and mobilised everyone so that they could search for her. As a result, they had spent almost half a day trying to find her without even finding a trace of her. The feeling that it had all been for nothing had grown, it was understandable that many of them were experiencing immense levels of stress.
Ram:「Everything’s just been going wrong since we came to this tower, huh?」
Subaru:「…No need to put what was left unsaid so clearly, even if we’re thinking that.」
Whilst munching on his dinner which consisted of something like dry bread, he mumbles this, staring at Ram, with a growing feeling of lethargy. Receiving Subaru’s protests, Ram shrugs her shoulders, a blank look adorning her face. However, even for her usual calm and composed self, an aura of fatigue was coming off from her. And it wasn’t just Ram, everyone in the tower was in the same state as her.     
Emilia:「For now… I first went to ask Reid about her, but he said he hadn’t seen her. He said that no one had come there since yesterday and that he was getting bored… I don’t think he was lying. Since Meili had seen what Reid’s like, I don’t think she’d have gone there alone…」
Beatrice:「It’s hard to imagine that even that arrogant man would harm such a little girl… though, I can’t say that for sure, as scary as that is, I suppose. But, Betty ultimately agrees with Emilia’s thoughts, in fact.」
Emilia and Beatrice exchange words between them regarding the red haired, eye patch clad man who guards the second floor. Although in his mind that man had done nothing but cause him great torment, Emilia had faced him and more or less heard him out safely. It seems like she had managed to come back unharmed. Feeling a sense of relief by that fact, Subaru shook his head.
There’s no reason for him to feel such a sense of relief, rather, he has no right to considering what had transpired before. He doesn’t know if he even has the right to comfort Emilia.
Echidna:「―Can I mention one thing? It may sound cruel, but I want to propose something, and I am prepared that I may end up being shouted at because of it.」
Draining her bowl of bland soup, Echidna raises her hand as she finishes her meager dinner. Whilst facing everyone around the dinner table, she narrows her turquoise eyes, and says:
Echidna:「Searching for that little girl… I think we should stop for today… and from tomorrow, we should focus on trying to capture this tower again. What are your thoughts about that?」
Emilia:「―hk! We will do no such thing! What would Meili think of us!?」
Echidna:「It is already too late, she has no way to think or feel anything. That was proved by Natsuki-kun’s confirmation after he read her『Book of the Dead.』I am against further searching for her.」
Emilia had been the first to oppose Echidna’s proposal, which could be said to have been both realistic and level headed. However, Echidna’s expression didn’t waver when hearing Emilia’s argument that had come purely from her emotions. However, on behalf of Emilia who was at a complete loss for words, Beatrice spoke in her place:「Wait, I suppose」  
Beatrice:「Your point at first seems to make sense, in fact. But, it seems quite sudden for you to mention it, I suppose. Why is it that you want to stop the search for Meili?」
Echidna:「―. Was it really that strange to say? In this tower, the food supplies we brought in are limited, and as more days pass by, it will likely become more burdensome for everyone in each camp to stay here. If our stay greatly drags on, then you ought to think that a search party will be sent out to look for us.」
Ram:「Naturally. Emilia-sama and Anastasia-sama… well, what’s inside of her now is different, but both of you are esteemed candidates for the royal selection. You both shouldn’t even be in this tower in the desert.」
Beatrice and Ram began to display a somewhat lukewarm attitude, beginning with Echidna’s proposal. The suggestion, that went by the rules of rationality, served as a trigger for colder opinions, making the tense atmosphere around their dinner meeting more intense.
Shaula:「Gee~ This isn’t much fun. If you’re going to squabble, I’d rather you did it away from Master and I. But I don’t mind either way, as for meee, I’ll build a happy family with Master, just the two of us. A girl first, and then a boy, and then another boy!」1
He doesn’t deign to reply to Shaula, who had slipped into the seat right next to him as she babbled on, sticking her tongue out at the tense atmosphere around her. She’d also shown this kind of attitude back at the library. Shaula had pressed Subaru for a choice back at the library; what was it that she had wanted Subaru to say back to her? If she refers to Subaru as her Master and completely idolises him, then how far would she go for him? ―How far would she obey him, if Subaru were to give her a command?
Julius:「We should stop arguing.」
Julius, with anguish etched across his handsome face breaks the tense mood around them. He places his arm in front of Echidna and looks at Beatrice and Ram.
Julius:「Beatrice-sama, Miss Ram. As a member of her camp, I deeply apologise for Echidna’s careless words. However, don’t misunderstand what she meant to say. She didn’t make such a proposal with only rationalism in mind, with no other meaning to it.」
Echidna:「Julius, stop. That speech was」
Julius:「Emilia-sama’s camp may have lost the little girl that accompanied us here. That pain can be felt there. If possible, we should be more understanding in this situation.」
Hearing Julius’ sincere remarks, Echidna stops herself from saying any more. Julius then turns to face Beatrice once again.
Julius:「For now, Anastasia-sama’s body has been pretty much taken over by Echidna’s spirit. It’s true that in her current state we can’t find a way to get Anastasia-sama back… but, there are other issues as well. ―Echidna is with every passing moment consuming Anastasia-sama’s Od.」
Emilia:「Her Od… So, she’s always been burning her way through it? Has it always been like that, ever since Anastasia-san became unable to be woken up?」
Julius:「…Indeed. I imagine that’s why she wants to hurry to borrow the『Sage’s』wisdom by capturing this tower.」
The rest of them react in shock at hearing Echidna’s secret being spoken out loud by Julius. Echidna’s secret had been revealed by her own camp member, shrugging her shoulders at the people staring at her, she says:「Ah!」
Echidna:「No point in trying to gloss over this. It is as Julius said. I, I don’t think it’s a good idea to consume so much of Ana’s Od like this, which isn’t really abundant in the first place. If I can, I want to return this body back to Ana as soon as possible.」
Emilia:「Even going as far as letting go of her human body, so you’re free?」
Echidna:「Even if I can free Ana’s body, my own mind itself is being bound unfreely. I don’t know how much you’ll trust me with what I’m saying, but…」
Echidna paused for a moment, and then continued her speech.
Echidna:「Essentially, one’s very vessel should contain its own being. Even if you just borrow the outer shell, if the insides doesn’t come with it, it will fall to tatters and become unnatural. ――And that’s just plain awful.」
Everyone: […!!]
Casting her eyes down, Echidna’s words had been relentless, as if she were cursing herself. Her story had struck Subaru’s heart to its very core as he’d listened in casually.
If you just borrow the outer shell, and the insides don’t come with it… ― That pierces his heart really profoundly.
Echidna:「Anyways, that is why I want to hurry up and capture this tower. By all means, if you don’t believe what I have said, you can let someone like Beatrice poke around this body just to make sure. I suppose they will immediately see how distorted I am as a spirit and how much Od I have consumed.」
Echidna leaves to the others the proof of her own situation without noticing the turmoil brimming inside of Subaru, brought upon him by her words. In fact, after being nominated, Beatrice takes Echidna’s arm and probes into what in principal is her body; it seemed like Echidna’s words were proven to be true. And, receiving that result―
Emilia:「…Okay. I understand the difficult circumstances that Echidna― and Anastasia-san are in. It’s no wonder you want to hurry up and climb all the way up to the top of the tower…」
Echidna:「I do not know if this will bring you peace of mind, but if it is as is it is said and the『Sage』in this tower is omniscient, possessing esoteric wisdoms, then it is possible that he may also know the whereabouts of where the little girl disappeared. When putting it this way, I really do know how unfair it is, but…」
Emilia:「Nono, thank you. It’s better than having no hope left at all… you’re also looking out for me, and Meili too, aren’t you?」
Echidna:「Hmm. Maybe. Or maybe it is just that mine― and Ana’s body is far too cute?」
Echidna, her face showing traces of awkwardness, turns away from Emilia who seemed prepared to accept her claim. Emilia narrowed her amethyst eyes seeing Echidna react like this. Taking a deep breath, she once again spoke:
Emilia:「I am reaaallly worried about Meili. But, I also get Echidna’s point. So, starting from tomorrow again, let’s do our best to try and get to the top of the tower. Of course, I will keep looking for Meili as much as I possibly can, but…」
Julius:「Remember to not neglect the importance of capturing the tower, Emilia-sama.」
Emilia:「I know. ―Sometimes, you’ve gotta think on your own about what’s important.」
Putting her hand on her cheek, Emilia chastises herself, a firm resolve grows deep in her irises. Turning back, she look towards Subaru, who had been observing the exchange as if he was a spectator. For a moment, the intensity in her gaze overpowered him, but the words Emilia continued with did not scathe into him.
Emilia:「Is that okay with you too, Subaru?」
Subaru:「I-I guess that’s okay. That way Meili can also rest in peace… No, I guess we all need to move forward… No, no that… uh, why are you asking me?」
Emilia:「Because Subaru read Meili’s book, mhm? When I saw Subaru’s reaction immediately after reading it, I…. that’s why I think the one who is the most worried about Meili should be Subaru.」
Emilia reminded him about it. Hearing her words, Subaru held his breath. It wasn’t just Emilia who was looking at him. Beatrice, Ram, Echidna and Julius… everyone was looking at Subaru.
What sort of intention is present in those gazes? He can’t hazard a guess. Without even realising it, Subaru moves his lips in accordance to the treacherous spirit inside of him.
Subaru:「―I’m definitely worried. But, I think Meili also would have wanted us to go on.」
Perhaps, just so he could utter the most superficial words in the world.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
―Late at night, Subaru springs himself into action, finally having the time to freely act without anyone interfering.
Subaru:「――――」
After the group resolved to wrack each other’s brains for ideas on how to capture the second floor, and after having established a firm plan for tomorrow, the meeting at the dinner table ended. They then proceeded to get ready for bed. It was a night in which unforeseen problems had occurred to one of their companions. Naturally, they recommended that they put all their bedding together in one room and sleep together. So, more or less, they gathered together in one room and made an improvised partition across the room using a blanket to act as a curtain between the male and female sides.   
However, Subaru had insisted on sleeping inside the spirit room.
The after-effects from reading the『Book of the Dead』, was most of his excuse. Practically, after having experienced what followed Subaru reading the『Book of the Dead』, no one had tried to argue with him. Of course, Beatrice had shown particularly strong disapproval at letting Subaru sleep alone, but the spirit room has a fixed capacity limit. Sick with worry, Subaru’s voice had trembled, but Beatrice had to withdraw her opposition to it.
Rather than it being a boon of Subaru’s acting prowess, it had likely been his awfully pale face that had influenced them. Honestly, it was a miracle that he hadn’t collapsed, he was aware that he was in a terrible state.  
Meili:『I think Meili also would have wanted us to go on. ―What an actor you are, e~h? 』
Subaru:「――――」
Meili:『Fufu, don’t get mad no~w. It isn’t sarcasm. I truly think that, and I commend you for i~t.』
He had thought she had been surprisingly quiet during the meeting at the dinner table. He wonders if she had something to do with the barefaced lie he had told at the end. Even if he refuses to listen to this troublesome hallucination, blocking his ears to her voice has no effect. That sweet voice continues to cause him discomfort just like the sound of scratching a chalkboard with nails.
Meili:『H~mm, so, tonight you’re not going to take care of the blue haired Onee-san’s head?』
Subaru:「――――」
Her shade kept repeatedly hinting to Subaru, who had waited for the evening to grow dark to take action, about the existence of the sleeping beauty in the room. To the same shade’s temptation from several hours ago, Subaru’s answer remained the same as before.
Subaru:「It isn’t her turn yet.」
Saying that, Subaru leaves the room without even looking at the sleeping beauty’s face. At that moment, his eyes met with Patrasche’s, who had slightly opened her eyes. He handles the situation by bringing his finger to his lips, shushing her, a gesture that indicated to her to keep it a secret. He did not know to what extent the intention has been transmitted to his reptilian companion, but at the same time it feels like Patrasche is more clever than creatures like dogs or horses. Whether or not she is, it would be nice if she remained silent.
Subaru:「――――」
After ensuring he had made it so he ended up being left alone, the reason why Subaru started to move in the dead of night— wasn’t to take the lives of his sleeping companions and to put the plan of the『Book of the Dead』into practice.
Of course, he had carefully considered that scheme too. With Subaru’s abilities, it would be best for that plan to be realized with surprise attacks, and you could say that while they’re sleeping would be the best opportunity. However, it is still too early. It is a last resort, a deed that goes against humanity, that he shouldn’t do unless they force his hand.
Then, for what purpose had Subaru started acting in the dead of night? It was because of―,
Meili:『―My corpse, what are you going to do about it?』
Realizing where Subaru was going, the voice of the little girl, as if standing behind him, poses him that question. Subaru doesn’t reply to her, but, the direction he was walking towards was just as good as a confirmation to her question.
―Subaru is acting to dispose of of Meili’s still hidden corpse.
Subaru:「――――」
Whether you can call this a ridiculous story or a lucky situation or whatever, in any case, he had no other choice. That today, Emilia and the others hadn’t found Meili’s remains should be called nothing more than a devil’s plot, rather than God’s plan.
Thinking back on it, in regards to the situation, his cover up for the abrupt situation was full of holes that were plain to see, to the point that he wanted to curse himself for his own dim-wittedness. Unexpected as it was, she hadn’t been found. That had saved him. However, from tomorrow, whilst committing himself to capturing the tower, it would be no strange thing if they were to find by chance something that had slipped by them.
At least, he expects that Emilia will not abandon searching for Meili. Seeing that she is a girl without any troubles of her own, her heart will not give in until the situation is resolved, it’s easy to imagine that she’ll continue to look for the little girl that had vanished.
Therefore, it was necessary for Subaru to have peace of mind. If he can’t have peace of mind, he wouldn’t be able to lay the groundwork for his success. Unless he lays the groundwork, he won’t be able to build his castle on top of it, in the future. If the groundwork can’t be built, he will not be able to achieve his future.  
To Natsuki Subaru’s peace, the existence of Meili Portroute is an obstacle.
Meili:『I guess it kind of feels like you’re being… even more restless now inside your he~ad』
He turns a deaf ear to her. She had just made her affirmation clear, she
would get in his way. He firmly refuses to let that happen.  
As Subaru travels stealthily through the night, making sure not to draw any attention to himself, he arrives at the room where he had hid Meili’s corpse. Although the rooms in this area all looked the same, you can see discoloration in the stone wall near the entrance of this one, making it so that the room is easy to identify via this landmark.
Subaru:「Honestly, this is going to leave a bad aftertaste…」
Taking her out from the tower’s entrance into the desert and burying her in the sand would be for the best. She would continue to decay if she was left for a few more days inside the building. And although the temperature aren’t too high or too low, A body, after ceasing biological functions, cannot be expected to avoid rotting.
Indeed, if he wanted to never have to see it again, The best would be to do bring it far away from the tower, as much of a pain as it would be, and turn her into chow for the Witchbeasts prowling about outside. However, He imagined how that would weigh on his heart. No matter what, It was an impossible decision.
Subaru:「――――」
At the back of the dim room, was enshrined a square lump of rock. On the opposite side of it, her corpse was hidden. You couldn’t overlook it if you consciously looked at it. It was an awfully childish manner of hiding. While he was feeling pathetic at losing his head, Subaru went around to the other side of the stone.
There, Meili’s approximately half a day old remains――
Subaru:「――Huh?」
Without thinking, his voice leaks out. His head renounced grasping the view before him.
On the other side of that stone, was absolutely nothing. At the very least, he had made arrangements for the little girl’s corpse, closing her eyes, crossing her arms together on top of her chest. The bruises adorning her pale neck, even the corpse of the poor little girl… they were nowhere to be found.
Subaru:「Wh-…y…I was sure… I left it here…」
It was supposed to be here. He couldn’t have possibly mistaken the room. He didn’t make such a fundamental mistake when coming here. He didn’t. So if he didnt, where was the dead body which had to be here?
―Where did Meili Portroute’s remains disappear to?
???:「―What are you sneaking about to search for this late at night, Barusu?」
Subaru:「―hk!?」
Astounded, the voice coming from behind him made his body go stiff, and Subaru fearfully turned around. Paling, within his field of vision, at the entrance of the not so small room, stood a single silhouette.
Bobbed pink hair, sharp, light pink irises; with crossed arms, her imposing yet lovely features staring in his direction with coldness. With that out-of-place feeling in her chest, while staring at the petrified Subaru, the girl― Ram, gazed at his eyes and with an absolutely cold tone of voice said,
Ram:「Or I guess I should call you a fake. A worthless excuse of a Barusu― of Natsuki Subaru」

※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※


Chapter 51
At the sound of her cold voice, Subaru literally felt his heart freeze.
Subaru:「――――」
Looking back at the front of the room, Ram stands still at the entrance, her light pink irises ablaze, quietly boring into Subaru. Though Subaru had only came in contact with her a few times before, he had rarely ever seen her reveal such emotion on her face― in that Ram, there was a fervour that easily betrayed that impression.
Subaru:「Nhh, uh…」
Ram:「What are you getting so flustered for? Ram asked you a question. Answering is Barusu’s… No, answering is your duty.」
Subaru:「I- I am… just…」
Ram:「Just?」
Promptly, Subaru’s head begins to spin as he tries to explain himself. Somehow he needed to move his tongue, curse his sluggish mind for its initial response and meet this situation with a silver tongue. However, in addition to having been thrown into this unexpected turmoil, in the first place, before this had occurred, Subaru hadn’t― he hadn’t even processed how Meili’s corpse had disappeared. He hadn’t even prepared the words to talk his way out of things, he wasn’t even able to prepare to come to grips to what was happening right before his eyes.   
All that Subaru can do is open and shut his mouth awkwardly as he tries his best to not to say anything improper. Even though Subaru’s manner now supported his suspicious behaviour louder than any words could.
Subaru:「――――」
Ram narrows her eyes at Subaru’s silence. The coldness in her gaze, which he had already thought to be at the level of absolute zero, falls even further. It almost feels as if he had been assailed by a sharp, bone-chilling blizzard. While desperately trying to keep his knees from trembling, Subaru slowly starts to understand, too little too late.
―Had he been set up?
When Meili’s body hadn’t been found, the meeting at the dinner table had been a bluff. When they had reported that Meili’s body hadn’t been found, Subaru had been relieved that he had escaped from a chance of being blamed.
Desperately searching in vain, they hadn’t found the little girl’s body that hadn’t even been hidden that well. His bad luck had prevailed even in these unnatural circumstances, Subaru had accepted the convenient truth, putting off any niggling doubts that had concerned him then. And that resulted in him being caught up in this uncouth act.
Hadn’t Subaru also repeatedly seen this in various TV shows? In the final scene, the murderer who had meticulously put together his perfect plan returns back to the crime scene and gives himself away as the police and the detectives are closely watching the crime scene. And due to that, they give away that they committed the crime by showing themselves as being the smoking gun. That kind of comedic-ish moment…
Somewhere in his mind, Subaru had thought that if it was himself, he would never show such stupidity. Any connoisseur of mysteries will take note of the sheer foolishness of the dumb criminal slipped up at the very end. He had acted completely the same way ―rather , worse, for his shock of being caught up in this act had made him quite a miserable sight to behold.
Ram:「―Fake.」
Ram’s quiet mutter barrels into him as he is stricken by his own defective actions. With just that single word, Subaru’s brittle heart crumbles and sinks in his chest, as if he had been shell-shocked by a mortar attack. As soon as he had heard it, his face had turned as white as a sheet, his lips trembling. Ram let out a sigh.  
Ram:「So, you have nothing to say to defend yourself. I guess that’s proof that even you yourself, were aware of what a botchjob your acting is. You didn’t prepare well enough when disguising yourself as him. There’s limits when it comes to not being diligent, don’t you agree?」
Without hiding her contempt in her voice, Ram starts to tell Subaru why she had suspected him. Fakeness, poor acting, and showing insufficient understanding towards『Natsuki Subaru』were all pointed out by her. Not only was Subaru lost for words, but his heart felt as if it was going to crack, and the flow of his blood ached with each heartbeat. In fact, Subaru bit his lower lip, and blood started to stream out, accompanied by a sharp stinging pain.
A fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake― A poor imitation of 『Natsuki Subaru』, A fake―.
That thought settles into the pit of his stomach as if it were thick, black sludge. A disgusting sludge covering him from head to toe; a weight that caused his knees to stop trembling. Instead, where the depths of his eyes had burned; a blaze glowed, dancing atop the fuse of his dark emotions. One could call it hostility, malice, malintention― or perhaps an intent to kill.
Ram:「There’s no way such unnatural behaviour would go unnoticed, well, except for those that can’t spare the heed for it. That could be said of Julius, Anastasia-sama… well, Echidna.」
Subaru:「… you’re sure letting it all out. Here I am listening to you patiently without even saying a word.」
Ram:「――――」
Subaru:「A fake!? I think you’re crossing the line here of false accusations. Who the hell do you think you are!?」
Ram:「False accusations, huh?」
Subaru tried to voice his objections, painful as it was, in response to Ram’s unwithering sharp tongue. Of course, the point she made had been completely correct. Even if he didn’t agree with having been sternly described by her as that『Worthless Excuse』, that unfillable void between Subaru and『Natsuki Subaru』existed. However, she couldn’t have noticed this. If she comes to notice it, then it would become impossible for him to worm himself out of this situation. He can’t stop here, halfway through―
Subaru:「False accusations upon false accusations. My ears are deaf to them, y’know, I can’t hear any of ‘em.」
Shoulders shrugging and cheeks distorting into a scowl, Subaru speaks while glaring at Ram. As if he were dramatising truth and lies, which even he himself felt as to be so brazen, to be the truth of the world.
Subaru:「Anyways, what’s with going on about me having wanted to wander about in the middle of the night. I just wanted to stretch my legs and think a bit whilst there was no one around. That’s why I deliberately went somewhere where I wouldn’t be around your little sister… Rem’s sleeping, nor Patrasche’s presence…」
Ram:「―Did you really think that nobody had seen anything?」
Ram had quietly asked Subaru this as he was rapidly blurting his excuses out. Her words were brief, but sharp, designed to puncture deep into his vitals.
Subaru:「――――」
Holding his breath at hearing her inquiry, he racks his brain, trying to figure out what she really meant by saying those words. See, seen, not be seen, can’t have seen.
―Where had Ram got this word from, See. What does she mean by this?
Meili’s corpse? Or perhaps the Meili from before she had became a corpse? Or had she seen him working on hiding Meili’s corpse? Or maybe―
Ram:「Nothing… even if it was your plan that nobody would see anything, the Earth Dragon was diligently watching your strange behaviour. And because of that, Ram was also able to watch you in the same way.」
Putting her fingers to her lips, Right in front of him, Ram deliberately makes a scene out of showing this particularly uncouth gesture towards Subaru.
Subaru:「…What the heck are you saying!?」
Without understanding the meaning of her behaviour behind her gesture, Subaru let out these words in bewilderment. However, he did have quite a recent memory of this particular gesture. It was none other than the gesture Subaru had shown to Patrasche before leaving the Spirit Room. Right now, he couldn’t for the life of him understand the meaning behind how it had cropped up again in this place with Ram―
Ram:「You need to study him more, you『Worthless Excuse』―」
The utter disappointment those two words  carry is what drives home that this is Subaru’s final warning.
Subaru:「――――」
Up until now, though extremely cold and unfeeling, Ram had kept up her stance of wanting to talk, even if her intention of exchanging words with Subaru was disappearing by the second. The instant Subaru had seen the look in her eyes, he realized that his excuses were meaningless.  
Ram will turn a deaf ear to whatever excuses Subaru comes up with. Since it had come to this, Subaru has no other choice but to break through this situation using brute-strength.   
―In that moment, Subaru starts to consider how to kill Ram inside of his head.  
Subaru:「――――」
Think about how to kill her. There is no longer any point in feeling reluctant about it. He had already killed one person. One or two, it makes little difference. A while ago, 『I』had a lot of experience in snatching away the lives of a great number of people. From here on out, there’d be no hindrance in the execution of his『Book of the Dead』plan.
Meili:『―Bu~t, that Onee-san…』
Countless choices within Subaru crumbled away noisily. On the verge of being left with only his dangerous thoughts, the shade of the little girl that had been keeping silent up until now had chimed in.
Though invisible, the presence of the shade beside him was so strong he could practically feel her breathing. It hugs Subaru’s body from behind him, softly whispering into his ear and tempting him. And the contents of that sweet, sweet, saccharine temptation is―   
Meili:『―Surely she’s in a poor condition, ri~ght? Her centre of gravity on the left side, its balance is po~or.』
Those sweet whispers had whispered to him the weaknesses of that awe-inspiring, yet terrifying girl― when it comes down to it, she had given him instructions on how to kill her.    
She is smaller than him, she is weaker than him, she has less experience when it comes to killing. With the knowledge『She』had accumulated by spending so much time with the assassin in black, it should be easy to kill this woman.    
Meili:『Knock her over towards her left-hand side, and bash her head against the wall. That’ll do the tri~ck.』
As he was taking into account the difference in strength between himself and Ram, relevant advice comes from『Her.』By just following that, the girl’s skull will crack, and flowers of deep crimson will bloom upon the wall.
Crimson flowers that would marvelously complement this lovely young girl’s pink hair―
Subaru:「―!」
Without any cues, and without any obvious openings, Subaru faces his opponent in the blink of an eye, and stepped forward. Receiving a round of applause from the shade, Subaru steps forwards without hesitation towards Ram’s body which was slightly tensed. Towards her right hand side. He will throw her body against the wall and then―,
Ram:「Since you’re lost for words, you’re now resorting to violence. What a barbaric, boring conclusion.」
In that moment of offence and defence, before Subaru’s arm could reach her, Ram had opened her lips and uttered these words. Meeting each other’s gazes, Subaru’s breath was knocked out of him seeing Ram’s cold eyes.
Ram:「―Did you really think that the oh so frail and feeble Ram would challenge such a barbaric man alone?」
Rather than mocking him, Ram’s words feel similar to pity. As she speaks, Subaru hears a crackling sound in the air mingling in with her voice. In fact, he was not hearing things. The moisture in the atmosphere freezes rapidly, the air around him was being forcibly changed from gas to solid.
Subaru:「Wh…a?」
That crackling sound he had heard, had been caused from Subaru’s own foot stepping against the pile of ice rising at his feet; it had stopped him in his tracks, causing him pain. 
Subaru:「I-ice…!? 」
Ricocheting from the hard, cold impact, Subaru could hardly believe his eyes. But, the transformation didn’t just stop here. Bars of ice weren’t just materializing where his foot had been, rather, they rose from all around him― enclosing him, materializing into an ice cage.    
Subaru:「You’re kidding me… what the… magic!?」
In the blink of an eye, the ice cage finishes materializing, Subaru was completely trapped within. Seizing the bars of ice with his hands, Subaru tries to violently shake them in an attempt to break that prison; however, his efforts only result in him being astounded at the strength of the ice. The bars did not yield even an inch. Even if he kicks and punches with all his strength, he doesn’t at all believe that he’ll be able to break through. And thus, Subaru had been imprisoned within that ice cage―
???:「―Everything would have been so much better if Ram had been wrong about this…」
Looking at him with her sad amethyst eyes, Emilia comes into view from behind Ram.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
What had happened was hardly surprising; Subaru finds himself dumbstruck like a monkey inside a cage.  
Subaru:「――――」
Ram and Emilia had banded together to restrain him; that much was obvious. Unlike Subaru, however, they had the option of cooperating with each other. From the very beginning, the choice of trying to go against a dangerous person alone wouldn’t have cropped up for them. Ultimately, Subaru had definitely been dancing in the palm of their hands at every step of the way.     
Ram:「In this scene, you won’t be able to aggrandise yourself with frivolousness, nevermind chattering away with your unproven twaddle. As an actor I can barely say that you are below third-rate, let alone second rate.」
Ram spits this out, crossing her arms and looking at Subaru sitting in the cage. Looking at her, he noticed that she hadn’t even moved a single step away from the place where she had first made her entry. Even worse, she hadn’t even changed her posture. Between her and Subaru, that’s what differed between the two actors, that’s it.
Ram:「With such acting, only a seriously oblivious person could be fooled. Then, who the most mentally tough person was amongst everyone, you needn’t even consider there.」
Emilia:「From that way you’re speaking…aren’t you praising me? Thanks.」
Ram:「…You’re welcome.」
Next to Ram who had reacted with a faint air of bitterness, silver hair flew up as Emilia stepped forward. Judging by what Ram had said, this ice cage had been handmade by Emilia― in other words, it can be concluded that this was a kind of magic she is able to use.
Had he not been stuck in this situation, Subaru would have definitely been impressed by her enchanting ice magic which suited its owner’s beautiful, mystical face quite well. But, seeing that practically he was a captive in the ice cage, and witnessing just how strong it is, at a glance he can understand the difference in strength between him and her, and just how inferior he is.
The difficulty level of executing his『Book of the Dead』plan, that ranking had now greatly changed. But, before that―
Emilia:「―Subaru, what were you trying to do at this time? Weren’t you supposed to be resting in the room?」
Subaru:「I…」
Looking worried, Emilia asked Subaru what he had been doing here at this time. A serious look of anxiety dwells in her eyes, but, when it comes to this situation, the only possible conclusion he could think of it as being a simple honesty that practically almost classified as stupidity. She was mistaken, thinking that there was a logical reason behind everything.
Even Subaru has his own say about this. A reason how he had ended up like this certainly exists. However, telling them would be like grasping at thin air; who on earth would believe Subaru’s words.
Ram:「Emilia-sama, it’s pointless to ask him that. I doubt he will answer your question honestly. I am doubtful in handling it as if it were Barusu.」
Emilia:「But, Subaru is Subaru! Ram, you must understand that, right?」
Ram:「Just a counterfeit that has a similar appearance only… that’s how Ram judges it.」
If anything, it seemed to resemble something closer to one of Subaru’s own thoughts about himself; Ram rebuked Emilia’s notion. Most likely, it had been Ram who had suspected Subaru and also proposed to keep an eye on what he would get up to at night. For sure, Emilia must have been standing by as the rear-guard, brought along in the case of an emergency.      
In other words, the answer to dealing with the『Natsuki Subaru』 who is not Subaru had already been noticed by Ram a while ago. And afterward, all that was left was to take the steps to confirm both the fact and the accompanying grievances.  
Ram:「Thanks to Emilia-sama, you were captured without any harm done. I wonder if a bit of pain will make you willing to tell us what we want to hear?」
Subaru:「Pain… like torture me? Isn’t it a well known thing that that’s not only extremely sadistic, but needs sophisticated knowledge!!」
Ram:「I will do what is necessary. Besides, I don’t really like inflicting pain on others― but, it is a specialty of mine.」
Keeping him in a cage with a space of not even 2 meters square, Ram wasn’t going easy on Subaru. Pale and slender though her fingers may be, her humble claim of 『Inflicting pain is my specialty』 feels frightfully convincing to Subaru.
If he keeps going like this without doing anything, if the opportunity to launch a counterattack doesn’t present itself, it will end up becoming a case where no matter how hard she searches for his secrets he would just be meaninglessly confessing his miserable behavior.
Emilia:「―Wait. You can’t hurt him. I won’t let you do that.」
However, Emilia, who herself had imprisoned Subaru in the ice cage, was the one to stop Ram before she could resort to extreme measures. She turned her back on the cage Subaru was in and faced Ram directly.
Ram:「…Emilia-sama, Weren’t you supporting Ram?」
Emilia:「I endorsed your opinion of questioning him because I also felt that Subaru was acting strange. But it’s because I thought this might happen….that I decided to stay here.」
Ram:「It’s because I didn’t want something like this to happen that I asked Beatrice to keep Julius and the rest company. And yet, I did not think Emilia-sama would be so… disobedient… Too naive.」
Without hiding her irritation at the difference in their opinions, Ram points at Subaru, who was hiding behind Emilia’s back. Regarding them, she utters the biting words 「Is this okay?」.
Ram:「He’s too lacking in the points that the original Barusu should obviously have. I heard you talk about the Water Gate city… Pristella. It seemed like there you’d met a shape-shifting Sin Archbishop.」
Emilia「…Yes. A reason for us coming here was to change back those people who that Sin Archbishop changed into a different form.」
Ram:「Then what are the chances that Sin Archbishop could have become any of us?」
Emilia:「――――」
Ram:「Even if they’re not that specific Sin Archbishop, If they are able to freely change their shape then we can’t go by outward appearances. Their normal conduct, the feeling when they try to talk, if all of those things are different…」
Ram responded with logic while holding back her anger towards Emilia’s emotion driven opposition. They’re nothing but deductions and baseless accusations towards Subaru, but they didn’t have any basis to deny them. And no less important than that, Subaru― No, 『I』felt revulsed by the topic at hand.
Subaru:「――hk」
A flashback, white memories. They come not from Natsuki Subaru, but from a small fragment of the memories seen in The『Book of The Dead』. The memories from when『I』 was『Herself』.
―Training, That’s what they called their actions towards『Me』
Even though dread was carved into me many times, the most terrifying thing to happen to me, was when my body was made to change into countless innumerable『Frogs』.
Even though my consciousness existed only in one body, my infinitely fragmented consciousness did as it liked, leaping whenever it wanted, running wherever it wanted.
Dreading the thought of not being able to go back to my original self, brought the realization that I had forgotten what my 『Original self』was in the first place, Having my reason for existence as a living being crash like that, I was thankful from the bottom of my heart to『Mother』the moment I was returned to normal.
And at the same time, the Idea that I should never, under any circumstances, go against her orders was etched into my soul.
Subaru:「――hk
Recalling that dread directly, almost as if he’d personally lived it, Subaru’s field of vision blurs. One’s own appearance is something that is directly linked to one’s identity and sense of self. Tampering and changing that as one liked on a whim, that could only be called blasphemy to one’s existence. The most detestable deed of all―.
Emilia:「That’s too extreme, this is quite unlike you Ram! You sound like you’re forcing me to contain him!」
Ram:「Can you even say nothing’s up? Before that man behind us…」
Emilia and Ram continue their arguing while Subaru alone drowns in anguish, feeling like his stomach was churning. However, Ram’s claim was like a “probatio diabolica”. You can prove that something is, but no one can prove that it isn’t.1
This Natsuki Subaru was not the 『Natsuki Subaru』that they wanted. To explain that theory, some kind of shape shifter power was helpful. It made it simple― and at the same time, it was unbearable for the current Subaru, from the bottom of his heart. Overwhelmed by the hostile emotions inside him, Subaru wheezed in pain.
Ram:「I need to make him spit it out, right now! So I can know where Meili and the real Barusu are.」
Subaru:「―ah?」
That complaint from Ram, like a surprise attack, overloads Subaru’s consciousness. It was a bolt out of the blue, a truly unexpected comment.
Subaru:「――――」
Raising his face, Subaru looked at Emilia and Ram, at their continuing quarrel. Gazing at her back, he couldn’t see Emilia’s emotions; however, Ram’s face was clearly visible to him. Her eyes, burning with rage, contain no schemes that would snare Subaru into lies right here. At least, what she just stated was what she really meant.
In other words, this means that Ram and the others hadn’t found Meili’s remains. The only thing that was lying in wait, in trying to denounce Subaru right here, was his suspicious behaviour, since he couldn’t at all, try as he might, play the part of 『Natsuki Subaru』. He understands where the confused Ram’s questioning was coming from. But at the same time, he didn’t understand.
If it hadn’t been Ram or Emilia, who was the one who had moved Meili’s remains? If it had been neither Ram, nor the others, nor Subaru, then there was another agenda at work―.
Emilia:「Real or fake, you can’t just decide like that! I mean, the Subaru that is here right now is…」
Subaru「―I have… Amnesia!!」
Ram:「Huh…?」
Holding onto the ice cage bars, Subaru’s scream cuts into the duo’s quarrel.
Hearing that screaming voice, Ram appears taken aback and confused. That one unexpected angle of attack leaves Ram’s mind blank. If it had been a trick, employed to poke gaps between her logic and disturb her thoughts, then it had been a success. But there had been no such intent; this had been Subaru’s scream of truth.
Subaru:「―tch」
As for why he had cried this out right at this moment, even Subaru himself has no clue. In this loop, Subaru had hidden the fact that he had lost his memories, and had tried to imitate how the old『Natsuki Subaru』had seemed. Thanks to that, his life hadn’t been snatched away this loop.  
And though that had not come to pass, hadn’t there been some other alarming situations that perhaps even rivalled that, which had toyed with Natsuki Subaru, and chased him about, one after the other?
But in truth, concealing his amnesia had complicated everything else in this loop. So what will happen now, after his grand reveal?
Ram:「After all this time, you’re still joking like that…!?」
In reality, the moment her stagnating thoughts had resumed their activities, Ram’s expression became dyed in anger. The girl probably thinks that Subaru’s desperate cry now was a desperate lie― that it’s nothing more than sheer nonsense.
Emilia:「Ram! Listen to what Subaru is saying! There was a reason after all!」
Ram:「Are you serious, Emilia-sama!? That was completely unbelievable…!」
With arms stretched, Emilia stands in front of Ram, rallying with Subaru’s words. If she thinks he had only jumped up in taking advantage using this absurd excuse, Subaru may as well give up on continuing to speak. However, standing in opposition to Ram, who wants to reject it completely, Emilia still faces her with resolve,   
Emilia:「It’s worth believing him! Didn’t we all up until now!?」
Ram:「―hk」
Ram’s cheek slightly stiffens at Emilia’s appeal. For a second, a trace of doubt flits through Ram’s light-pink irises, various thoughts seeming to spin through Ram’s intelligent head. She starts to open her stiffly closed lips, and,
Emilia:「Ram, let’s listen to Subaru and…」
Ram:「―What about Rem?」
Emilia:「―ah」
In an instant, Ram’s closed teary-eyed, petite form spins around and leaps at Emilia. Deciding in that moment to fall back, Emilia had prepared herself to hold down Ram. But, the approaching Ram’s movements prove to be faster, and Emilia’s left hand was caught by Ram’s right.
Ram:「Don’t get in my way now!」
Emilia:「Kyaa!」
As she spoke, demonstrating her excellent footwork and defensive movements, and minimally moving her wrist and shoulder, Ram flings Emilia’s body aside, in a manner that had demonstrated maximum effectiveness. As Emilia flies away, her figure slowly somersaulted to the side. Through her surprise at her world’s sudden revolutions, she quickly grasps her situation and attempts to swing her long legs onto the floor below.  
Emilia:「―hk」
In the spot where Emilia landed, lay one of Ram’s shoes which she had flung off. Tripping over it, Emilia loses her balance and lands on all fours.
In that close combat, Emilia had been overwhelmed by Ram’s technique, and Ram slips into the gap created. Thrusting her wand between the bars of the ice cage, towards the tip of the frightened Subaru’s nose,
Ram:「I dare you to say that again.」
Subaru:「It’s―….Not like that……」
Ram:「With that face. And that voice. Say that you forgot Rem. One more time…」
Gritting her teeth, Ram was collecting something on the tip of her trembling wand, and he knew what it was. It was invisible to the eye, a power which you would probably call mana was accumulating in front of his eyes, but even then, Subaru couldn’t follow with any words.
He couldn’t think of what to say to Ram. To that girl in front of him hanging on the verge of tears. If he wasn’t Natsuki Subaru, but『Natsuki Subaru』Would he have been able to do it?
Emilia:「You cant, Ram! Stop!!」
Emilia, having just clambered back to her feet, screams in an attempt to stop Ram. However, she doesn’t make it in time.
Emilia:「――――」
A white light blinks through the ice cage’s bars, and the shock engulfs Subaru. That shock flings his body all the way to the back onto the ice bars, the back of his head banged against them.
Subaru:「―hgh」
His head shook violently, and his consciousness became hazy. Without even having time to explain himself, Natsuki Subaru’s consciousness slipped away.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
.
Subaru:「―huh?」
Letting out a faint, weak groan, his consciousness starts to resurface. Gradually, gradually, his consciousness rises to the surface from the sludge of darkness. Feeling as if he were somewhere vast, steady, steadily accelerating, stretching into reality, and finally―
Subaru:「―Ghuua!? Owww!?」
In the instant in which he’d been about to flit into consciousness, he had been yanked up by a force that felt like it had seized him by the scruff of his neck; sharp, hot pain burned within Subaru’s mind. Groaning and writhing in pain, Subaru wakes up on the cold, hard floor.    
Subaru:「Ow, ow, owwww, what, what is this…?」
His body roused by throbbing pain Subaru reaches out his hand to his left shoulder. The moment he touches it, scorching pain once again burns across his mind. He couldn’t move his left arm at all.
Subaru:「Did it get yanked out of my socket…? Is it dislocated? Ugh, never felt this one before …」
Dangling about, his arm cannot move to his will down from his shoulder. However, when he had tried to move and touch it, he had felt a sharp pain. Thus, Subaru stood up with great care. Looking around at his surroundings, he sees that… there was nobody around. And this room was―
Subaru「The room where I hid Meili…」
In other words, he was in the same room where he had been conscious up until just before. As evidence for that, behind Subaru, the ice cage Emilia had magically crafted was still there. It was strange that Subaru had been lying down outside of the cage. Looking at the cage, it didn’t appear opened, and it didn’t look like he should have been able to get out of it by any normal means―
Subaru:「―So does that mean my shoulder was…?」
Thinking to that degree, Subaru notices the relationship between his dislocated shoulder and his escape from the ice cage. The gaps between the bars of the ice cage were so small that it would be impossible to get through them unless he was the size of a child. By force, it should be possible to get through with his shoulder dislocated. The question is how did Natsuki Subaru manage that whilst unconscious? Also―
Subaru:「―Where have Emilia… and Ram gone?」
Within the room, the girls who’d been arguing with each other not long ago, or even about to kill each other, their figures were nowhere to be seen. That situation was far too unnatural. ―No, it was more like a terrible situation than an unnatural one.
Subaru had been knocked out of consciousness, and thus knew nothing about his shoulder’s dislocation, or Emilia and Ram whereabout, or anyone else who should have been here. Subaru looks around the room, wondering what had happened during his unconsciousness, looking to see whether anything strange had occurred― and there he saw it.
『Natsuki Subaru was Here』
Subaru:「――――」
On the walls, everywhere he could see, those words were engraved. Cut into the stone wall, crudely shaped words were carved as if scribbled into a notepad.
Had it been the fragment of stone that was near the wall that had done that? It seems like it was part of the stone that had been in the back of the room, which had been originally used to hide Meili’s dead body. Using that stone fragment, the phrase『Natsuki Subaru was Here』was engraved onto the wall. ―If it was just that, then the impact had not been as great as when the same words had been carved into his arm.
Under the influence of the surprise and astonishment that the redux had brought along to him, he should have laughed it off as no big deal. But, however―
『Natsuki Subaru was Here』
『Natsuki Subaru was Here』『Natsuki Subaru was Here』
『Natsuki Subaru was Here』『Natsuki Subaru was Here』『Natsuki Subaru was Here』
『Natsuki Subaru was Here』『Natsuki Subaru was Here』『Natsuki Subaru was Here』
『Natsuki Subaru was Here』『Natsuki Subaru was Here』『Natsuki Subaru was Here』
『Natsuki Subaru was Here』『Natsuki Subaru was Here』『Natsuki Subaru was Here』
『Natsuki Subaru was Here』『Natsuki Subaru was Here』『Natsuki Subaru was Here』
『Natsuki Subaru was Here』『Natsuki Subaru was Here』『Natsuki Subaru was Here』
『Natsuki Subaru was Here』『Natsuki Subaru was Here』『Natsuki Subaru was Here』
『Natsuki Subaru was Here』『Natsuki Subaru was Here』『Natsuki Subaru was Here』
『Natsuki Subaru was Here』『Natsuki Subaru was Here』『Natsuki Subaru was Here』
『Natsuki Subaru was Here』『Natsuki Subaru was Here』『Natsuki Subaru was Here』
『Natsuki Subaru was Here』『Natsuki Subaru was Here』『Natsuki Subaru was Here』
『Natsuki Subaru was Here』『Natsuki Subaru was Here』『Natsuki Subaru was Here』
『Natsuki Subaru was Here』『Natsuki Subaru was Here』『Natsuki Subaru was Here』
『Natsuki Subaru was Here』『Natsuki Subaru was Here』『Natsuki Subaru was Here』
『Natsuki Subaru was Here』『Natsuki Subaru was Here』『Natsuki Subaru was Here』
『Natsuki Subaru was Here』『Natsuki Subaru was Here』『Natsuki Subaru was Here』
『Natsuki Subaru was Here』『Natsuki Subaru was Here』『Natsuki Subaru was Here』
『Natsuki Subaru was Here』『Natsuki Subaru was Here』『Natsuki Subaru was Here』
『Natsuki Subaru was Here』『Natsuki Subaru was Here』―.
Subaru:「―U…ah」
Tightly packed together, abnormally so, the words were engraved so that they completely covered the walls inside the room. They had even looked so natural that he hadn’t truly noticed the uncomfortable feeling from the start. The words were so abnormally and stubbornly engraved to the extent that it had looked somewhat like an optical illusion, due to the excess of that pattern on the walls.
Inside this room, for what purpose? Engraving these characters―
???:「―Hmm? OY, th’fuck is up with this creepy ass room? You, th’fuck is this crap decorating the walls?」
Subaru:「――――」
Shuddering, standing stock still, the voice coming from behind Subaru inspired fear, and it wasn’t down to the fact that he hadn’t detected its presence. After all, Subaru’s attention right now had been firmly fixed at the writing on the walls. He wouldn’t have noticed anyone approaching.
Thus, he was not surprised because of that. Subaru’s surprise had come from how familiar that crude voice sounded. The terrible memories of it that he wanted to forget―  
???:「You, th’hell ya doing looking so blank, small fry. What’s a small fry doing so far away from his flock? Aren’t ya just asking to be a bigger fish’s prey?」
As he spoke from behind Subaru, who dares not to look back, the red-haired man’s laugh rang out like a shark’s. Oh how he laughed indeed, that man who should by all means not be here.

  ※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※


Chapter 52
Hearing the voice of the familiar man from behind him, Subaru trembles in fear, to the point that he forgets to breathe.
Subaru:「――――」
Right in that instant, he even forgets about the pain from his dislocated left shoulder. His mind is dominated by a vast succession of negative emotions, such as fear and cowardice; a tempest of hopeless feelings clouds over his thoughts, a single word repeats inside his head:『Why?』
Why, his list of questions is inexhaustible. Why is his left shoulder dislocated? Why is the phrase『Natsuki Subaru was here』carved all around this room to this extent? Why are Emilia and Ram’s figures, who had captured Subaru, nowhere to be seen? Why is Meili’s body, which he had hidden, nowhere to be seen? Why had Natsuki Subaru lost his memories? Why had Natsuki Subaru been summoned into a different world? Why… couldn’t he ever tell his mom and dad the truth about everything? Why―
???:「What’re ya doin’ all huddled up. Don’t be so silent, gross bastard.」
―Why is the man who wasn’t supposed to be able to come down standing here?  
???:「―Urgh」
Suddenly, irritation rises in that man’s voice, causing Subaru to whirl around in a panic. To look directly at the figure behind him is a frightening notion. In most cases, what triggers this sense of trepidation is a fear of the unknown; however, the fear that this man inspires comes from more than just the immediate risk of looking.
This is far deeper than just unease from being unable to see, for this specific opponent’s intent is not merely to inspire fear. Subaru can’t help but think it’s a much closer to a straightforward urge to maim or even to kill.
???:「Hah. What ya lookin’ at. With that face. Are ya that scared!? Ya look like you’re about to cry. A disgusting bastard, in this fucked up room.」
Smiling sardonically at Subaru, who’d made up his mind as such, the man dressed in a male kimono brazenly bares his white teeth. Long, red hair, an eye patch covering his right eye, his bare chest wrapped in white linen strips, and a muscular, well-built body; he is looking down at the pitiful Subaru.  
Pleiades Watchtower’s Second Floor Guardian― Reid is the man that is calling out to him.
Subaru:「――――」
Reid:「… Does yer mouth not work? Can ya not hear me speak? Or, are you trying to show that ya have no plans of speaking with me? If that’s th’way it is, I don’t really mind, but still, I guess it feels more dignifying that way.」
Bluntly saying this out loud, with words that show utmost arrogance, Reid stares at Subaru with an angry expression on his face. Whilst being overwhelmed by the hostility coming from Reid, Subaru forces his lips into a mumble.  
Subaru:「Righ…t… eye…」
Reid:「Haaah?」
Subaru:「Wasn’t your eyepatch… on your left eye…? Why… is it on your right eye…?」
It was a question that he should not have uttered right now. As Subaru asks him, Reid’s eyes flicker slightly. And just after, the man clanged his teeth together with a「CLACK.」    
Reid:「Whim, it’s a whim! Either eye is fine for me. That’s th’ way it is, I put it on just when I feel like messing about. If I don’t put it on, I’ll end up seein’ way too much crap. It’s just that kind of thing.」
As Reid said that, he turns over the eyepatch covering his right eye using his fingers. And there below his eyepatch, there are no wounds; his eye is in good health exactly as he had stated. And of course, there are no signs of injuries in his uncovered left eye. In short, his words had been completely true, he understood that his eyepatch was really only an item for doing something because he wants to. Even so, when it comes to him, it’s a passtime needed for bridging the power-gap between himself and others―,
Reid:「―what th’. OY, isn’t yer shoulder dislocated, I did think‘t looked a bit weird.」
Subaru:「―GH?」
Immediately after he’d felt such profound emotion, a burning sensation scorches the lining of Subaru’s brain, with a sudden impact.
Subaru:「GH, GHA…!」
His throat is constricted by sharp pain, and his field of view around him flickers, pierced by great anguish. Looking at it with no consideration or hesitation, Reid had grasped Subaru’s dislocated shoulder with his right hand. With a mere twist of the wrist, he had casually inserted the dislocated bone back into its socket.  
The dislocated bone was fixed, echoing a dull click across the room, and freedom of movement returns to his left shoulder. However, the pain that for a moment had become negligible returns to him, tears pour down Subaru’s cheeks, the pain makes him feel like cursing the world around him.  
Reid:「Don’t ya be acting so over the’ top. It looks like I’m pickin’ on ya when you look like that, damn it. As a matter of fact, it’s not me who’s pickin’ on ya, more so it’s that smokin’ hottie!」
Subaru:「Smoking…. hottie?」
Reid:「That smokin’ hottie with th’ silver hair. The ice cage behind ya’, I can pretty much tell by looking at that, plus yer dislocated shoulder. Did ya fall out with yer friends, hah, how amusing!」
Reid snorts this back at Subaru, who is holding his left shoulder, and groaning in pain. Having heard those words, Subaru understood he means Emilia when he described them as a smoking hottie. And, at the same time, when it comes to what had happened in the room, between Subaru and everyone else― Subaru fears that Reid’s observant eye must have grasped what happened.
Subaru「How… do you know?」
Reid:「Stuck inside the sullen tower, the stuff between a man n’ woman’ll either improve beyond imagination, or deteriorate beyond imagination, those’re the only two options. When it comes to ya, yer the type t’ piss people off beyond belief. ‘S not so hard t’ figure that out.」
In all honestly, none of those conclusions are wrong. Therefore, Subaru has no way to refuse those words. Tearing his gaze away from Subaru, Reid turns to glance at Emilia’s ice cage.
Subaru:「――――」
Twisting his neck, he strides huffily away from Subaru’s side, eyeing the ice cage for a moment before he stomps on it, applying force but for a brief moment. In that instant, the structure gives a sharp cracking sound; in the next, the destructive force spreads to all of the resilient prison, shattering the lattice entirely.
Needless to say, no matter how hard Subaru had tried, he couldn’t shift that ice cage even slightly; the cage’s integrity had refused to yield. Whether in terms of magic or strength, with a simple glance, the disparity between is immediately revealed, leaving Subaru dumbstruck. Putting his reaction to one side, Reid stretches his hands and feet lightly.
Reid: 「―Well, looks like ya can move it again all right. Excellent, excellent indeed.」
Muttering that, making  sure he had some kind of feeling there, he slowly steps out from the room. He takes absolutely no notice of Subaru, who stood stock still, perplexed out of his mind by that attitude. The confusion still hadn’t settled down, he isn’t able to completely grasp what happened, but he knew that in this place, taking his eyes away from Reid would result in nothing good.  
Subaru:「Wait up! Didn’t you… didn’t you say you couldn’t come down from the floor above? Why are you walking around this floor like it’s normal!?」
As Reid walks along the corridor of the fourth floor with complete indifference, Subaru rushes out of the room. Quite unpretentiously, staring at Reid’s back as he strides across the floor with an air of majesty, Subaru throws out that one question which had been inside his head since the very beginning. In response, Reid waved his hand without looking behind him,
Reid:「When did I say I couldn’ walk out th’ second floor? If that’s what yer saying… then isn’t that a lil’ bit unfair? Don’t worry. Yer assumption that I can’t leave has a bitta’ truth to it. I only became able to leave jus’ now.」
Subaru:「Just now… wait, so may I ask why the premise collapsed?」
Reid:「I’m not gonna give ya a full lecture ‘ere and explain everything. I can walk about. Yer about t’ piss yerself. That’s that, the end. —Ah, wait, ‘s not th’ end yet.」
Following Reid in his wake, Subaru catches up to him. Changing the tone of his voice, Reid narrows his eyes at him. Subaru’s body shrunk in place, as Reid distorted his cheeks at him, it looked like he could kill him just with his sharp eyes. The red haired swordsman, who didn’t carry around weapons, unarmed. ―With merely the glint in his eyes, this man’s gaze would be enough to put someone to the sword; Subaru takes a deep breath.
Subaru:「Wh.. What the…」
Reid:「Excellent, keep blusterin’ on like that, you. ‘F you can’t even do that, y’ve no right to call yerself a man. ‘n so, I’ve a question for ya, y’ borderline failed man. I’m about to bid this sullen tower farewell, but where th’ hell did yer buddies y’ fell out with run off to?」
Subaru:「Huh?」
As the hostility exuding from the man nearby squeezes his heart, Subaru hears this surprising remark, causing his eyes to widen. Seeing the dishevelled Subaru’s reaction, Reid naturally continues with a「YOU,」
Reid:「I plan t’ get outta here, but I need food, water, and sake. Let’s not even talk about th’ women. Well, from yer friends, that smokin’ hottie and that woman with such a slutty figure are certainly fine prospects. Though, since I’d feel guilty seducing th’ smokin’ hottie, the slutty woman would have to be th’ prime candidate for it.」
Subaru:「Lea… ving? This tower? But… what about… your『Trial』, no, what about everything else? What’re you going to do about this situation, and everything that’s going on!?」
Reid:「’S nothin’, everythin’ y’ said doesn’t have shit t’ do with me. Yer issues should be solved by yerself, I’ve got nuffin’ t’ do with it. Ah, hold up. ‘S one last disgustin’ task left.」
Subaru:「Disgusting… task, ―gha!?」
Reid’s facial expression suddenly changes, jabbing at Subaru’s forehead with his finger, as Subaru’s eyebrows had knitted into a grimace at those words. Subaru’s back crashes against the wall of the corridor due to the sheer strength of the poke. Looking down at Subaru laying in a painful heap beneath him, Reid snorts out a「Hmph.」
Reid:「I already told ya. don’t ya be thinkin’ you’ll be able t’ get an answer to everythin’, ya lil’ chicken. Are ya a small fry, or a lil’ chicken, tighten the grip under yer feet, ya prick. 」
Subaru:「That’s a problem of your own definition…」
Reid:「Don’t use th’ me, who so fortunately appeared before ya as a tool to dispel yer worries, questions, or regrets with. Yer issues’re for ya to solve. Don’t use me as a crutch.」
Subaru:「――――」
Calling those words akin to something like irritated was not be quite right. Feelings of irritation have some emotion to it, but Reid does not care at all about Subaru’s existence. You don’t get emotional over someone you don’t care about. Thus, there isn’t any irritation present in his voice.
However, just these “over the shoulder” words were enough for Subaru to feel as if a knife had been stuck into his heart. Groaning from that pain, once again the questions left behind filling Subaru’s mind lurch as if they were going to bury up his heart. But, just before that happened.   
Reid:「―Aaah, it came.」
Swiveling his head to look towards the end of the aisleway, Reid grumbles this as if something was up. Lifting his head up, Subaru’s eyes are also lured towards that direction, pointing them towards where Reid was looking at; however, he couldn’t spot anything different there. However, he realizes it late. Crouched down, his buttocks against the floor, he notices it. A faint tremor. The tower is shaking. Faintly, not quite on the same scale as an earthquake, but he felt tremors nevertheless.
Reid:「KAH」
Clacking his teeth together and laughing, his eyes shining, Reid steps forward, sandals firmly treading against the floor. Seeing his unhesitating manner from the corner of his eyes, Subaru panickily follows in his trail.
Reid had said that he shouldn’t use him as a tool to dispel his own worries. It’s undeniable, there was no doubt in Subaru that Reid’s words had cut right into his frail heart. Subaru’s issues could not be solved by merely complaining about them to Reid. However, apart from that, Subaru now has a responsibility to get to the bottom of why Reid was wandering about the Fourth Floor, and what was happening in the tower in general.     
Subaru:「Reid!」
Reid:「――――」
Subaru:「Hey, wait up! Wait up! At the very least, tell me… what are you going to do…?」
With long strides, and a quick pace, Reid’s back was proudly advancing forward, and he did not deign to stop and answer Subaru’s question. His shoulder is in pain, there is bewilderment and confusion in his heart, he doesn’t have any assertiveness. Subaru is driven by his half-hearted obligation, he has no other choice but to chase with utmost effort after the man’s back who was striding forward.
And suddenly, the back of the man with the swaying long red hair abruptly ground to a halt and stopped.   
Reid:「――――」
Reid had stopped his feet as he reached the spiral staircase present in the atrium at the end of the corridor― It was the place where the amnesiac Natsuki Subaru had twice been pushed to his death.
As Subaru had been busy frantically chasing after Reid, he only noticed where he is standing at the last second. He holds his breath, frozen in place. However, his desire of wanting to break the deadlock in the feelings of hopelessness surpasses the feeling of avoiding this place that brought about his “death” and gives Subaru the strength to move forward.  
―It wasn’t the place that had killed Subaru. It was evil that had killed Subaru. It isn’t the place that ought to cause him to harbour these feelings of avoidance, rather the main cause of this should be attributed to the culprit.  
Subaru:「――――」
The beating of his heart, and the sound of his blood flowing through his veins feel frightfully loud. Ignoring that, Subaru wipes off a bead of sweat and pushed on forwards towards where Reid had stopped. He is standing at the edge of the drop, looking down below at the scene beneath his eyes. Wherever he may be, he is a man who really suits the posture of looking down on things. Whilst thinking such a useless thought in the depths of his mind, Subaru follows his gaze.
Following his gaze, he finally notices it. Having been lost in his noisy heartbeat, the sound that he hadn’t heard before was now audible to him.   
Subaru:「――――」
―Right beneath him, at the bottom of the large staircase, on the fifth floor, having appeared out of nowhere, a repulsive herd of Witchbeasts of flame were filling up the hall, presenting to him a spectacle of absolute hell.   

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
Witnessing this display from beyond even his wildest imaginations, Subaru’s senses went completely white.
Subaru:「―Huh?」
The cracking of the scorching crimson flame and the sound of countless wailing infants dwelt in the tower. Connecting those two factors led to a only one conclusion— that was, this terrifying Witchbeast, which wore a mane of flame around its neck, is only one part of a violent chaos of a horde.
Four legs and a torso akin to that of horses, an upper body with arms that are comparable to a human’s, and a gaping maw complete with fangs spreading through the human half. The dreadful heat’s flames were about to scorch and devour the oxygen within the tower.  
There are about 20 witchbeasts here, more or less; he can see them rampaging about below him on the fifth floor. The dreadful heat reaches below towards Subaru and Reid, who are dozens and dozens of metres above. Flinching back, being taken by surprise by this heatwave, to the extent that he felt like his eyeballs dry up in an instant.
What is…really… what is going on.
Reid:「So there’s some creepy-ass Witchbeasts here huh. You, d’ ya know what they are?」
Subaru:「…I don’t know. It’s the first time for me too seeing these Witchbeasts, other than the Huge Earthworm……… ah!? 」
Next to Subaru who cannot keep his eyes off of the scene, stands Reid looking at the exact same spectacle, issuing that question to him. Subaru shakes his head at that query, his voice unintentionally trembling at the change in his view.   
The Witchbeasts are rampaging about inside the tower, garbed in flame― looking like both horse and man, a more convenient term to call them by would be Centaurs. The Centaurs let out a piercing yell. Coming out from their warped maws is a violent yell, a shrill roar as if caused by sheer fury. And the reason for that was due to the lone knight who was fighting back, swinging his slender sword, weaving his way through the herd of Witchbeasts.
「―KSHEEEEEEGHHH!!」
Holding his breath, an elegant sword slips through the gap between the herd of the Witchbeasts who carried swords of flame. Blood scatters, the arms and legs of a Witchbeast is severed, its delayed shriek reverberates around the surroundings. Whilst listening to this, the knight who risked being overwhelmed by the amount of centaurs springs forward and leaps towards the next beast, sword poised.  
Subaru:「―JULIUS!」
Reflexively, Subaru’s lips calls out his name, deeply moved at having found a survivor. He can’t tell which emotion is stronger within himself, the one of joy or grief. Nevertheless, immediately after his consciousness leapt he had done something unknown, there had been a situation like that once when he found himself with Meili’s corpse beside him. He can’t say for sure if the next time he meets with someone, whether they’ll end up as a corpse. There’s always such a fear in him. Therefore, it was good news that he had broke through this fear.
Subaru:「――――」
Putting aside the expression of surprise from above, beneath Subaru’s eyes, Julius wields his sword and continues to fight against the Witchbeasts. Although he is at a disadvantage in terms of numbers, it was a situation where the strength of one probably wasn’t equal to that of Julius. Although, if the Witchbeasts which freely emit flame think of swarming Julius, who had only a sword to fend off against them would mean his limits would be called upon.
―And if he burnt to death, then his『Book of The Dead』should appear in the library.
Reid:「Where are all th’ others? ―Well, I guess this is convenient.」
Subaru:「―!」
In that moment, a dark thought had floated across Subaru’s mind, desiring for the “death” of his companion, that idea fought in the depths of Subaru’s heart. Reid’s muttering as he gazes at the scene below jerks his thoughts back to reality. But, Reid wasn’t aware of Subaru’s internal conflict. Baring his fangs, he takes a step forward. Already on the verge of falling down to the depths below, he steps forward again.  
Subaru:「H…Hey, what are you going to do?」
Reid:「You, ‘s your only ability askin’ questions? Stop relyin’ on me n’ try to pull some darin’ moves every once in a while. Talkin’ t’ ya’s completely no fun. Yer not a sexy lady for me t’ feast my eyes on, nor’re ya interestin’ t’ talk ta. You, with what intents’re ya tryin’ t’ talk t’ me with?」
Subaru:「――――」
Reid:「Lemme ask again, th’ hell’re ya goin’ t’ do? One of your comrades is just right there, trapped t’ face a bunch’ve disgustin’ witchbeasts, n’ yer still just standin’? T’ say that weak guys don’t have options’s just a pitiful excuse.」
Just like a carnivore making sport of a herbivore, so did Reid’s philosophy echo the right of the strong. This philosophy’s incompatibility with Subaru only serve to reinforce its veracity; that was the sheer disparity between the strong and the weak.
Reid:「Haaaaah」
Without neither a word nor glance to Subaru, Reid at last stepped into motion, leaning forward slightly. There had been no chance to stop him. Like this, Reid fell forward, weightless, tracing the path that Subaru had followed to his death.  
Straight, straight, straight down Reid fell. Back then, Natsuki Subaru’s consciousness had left him before he had crashed into the ground, and he hadn’t been able to even see the moment which had actually caused his “death”.  
That red-haired swordsman, Reid dropped down in the same way, falling, falling―
「―*THUMP THUMP*!!」
Its back being struck by sandals falling from such great heights, the centaur’s equine body is crushed. Its limbs, unable to bear that impact, shatter. It’s unbelievable how the Witchbeast’s huge body was crushed, blood the color of ink spraying out, staining the floor of the fifth floor.
Completing this scene is, falling from a height that would have been fatal to Subaru, energetically stomping on the remains of the Witchbeast, the violence of Reid Astrea.
Subaru:「――――」
The Witchbeasts, which from their looks, likely did not possess intelligence, ceased their movements. Noticing the chaotic appearance of this red-haired man, their baby-like wails stop. Looking closely revealed that these headless Witchbeasts were using their non-visual senses to gauge their opponent; this is what Subaru surmises.
Reid’s abnormality is clear to them, using just their organs remaining that were devoid of sight. That observation is equally apparent to the knight, with all five senses intact, who had been engaged in a vigorous battle with these creatures.
Julius:「You… why are you… here…」
Reid:「Why, why, why. ‘S there anythin’ else ya’ll can ask at all? What’s th’ secret to bein’ popular with woman, what’s the best kinda alcohol, how’d ya get t’ be so strong, for instance?」
Standing in front of Julius, whose eyes are wide open in sheer shock, Reid brushes away the pieces of meat on the soles of his sandals. He turns his hand to another Centaur standing beside him. As if it were a joke, in his hand, he held a thin, wooden stick― he could see that he was holding a chopstick.
Reid:「My secret t’ being popular with women’s my face. Th’ best kinda alcohol’s『Granhiert』brandy. —N’ ‘s fer how I’m the strongest in the world? ‘S simply because I’m me.」
Pausing for a moment after he finished speaking, Reid lightly began moving the chopsticks at his fingertips. In the next moment, the frozen centaur’s body exploded in a shower of blood. Slow to detect the collapse of its body, the Witchbeast finally released the cries of its throes of 『Death』.
Those screams, reminiscent of the cries of a baby, clinging desperately to this world, are indeed the worst in taste. However, a smile remains firmly on the face of the man who had caused all this. He raises his unbloodied weapons, his chopsticks, once more; this time not towards the Witchbeasts, but Julius.
Then, looking at the yellow irises of the faraway Julius, who seems to dread those chopsticks far beyond what he appears to, Reid bares his fangs.
Reid:「Right, let’s get the rest of the『Trial』goin’. Try ‘n wrench ’em away before I get bored with this, ya prick.」

※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※


Chapter 53
―An unpleasant sword dance began to unfold, with the stage being the Fifth Floor Atrium.
「――――」
With his long, red hair flying about, the eyepatch-clad man flawlessly weaved left and right, with absolute control of his burly body, wielding only short, fragile sticks of wood. Unfolding right on the stage was an unbelievable spectacle.
「―KSHEEEEEEGHHH!!」
A Witchbeast in the form of a Centaur rushed towards the Redhead, its half-human, half-horse form raising a cry that sounded like something a newborn baby would emit. On its upper-half, the human part, the Witchbeast had no head. It wielded a sword of flame, carrying it in both hands  – were you to come into contact with this immeasurable, scorching heat, even if were to graze you then certainly your body would end up becoming carbonized. And, yet, how was it that the man was doing this? He had twisted his body into this dance within the searing heat, fending it off as if it was childsplay, using only those plain-as-day wooden sticks that he carried about.
Flames did not alight upon the wooden sticks which had successfully warded the creature off. They didn’t catch on fire. Why!?
―Perhaps it was just because he was swinging those wooden sticks faster than they could catch on fire and burn.
The reason why his wooden sticks were not burnt by the fire was because he was swinging the sticks faster than they could catch aflame. The reason why he’d warded off those slashes of flame was because he’d shift his sword flashes, conferring unto them the minimal amount of strength needed with the gale of his blades. And, it seemed like the reason why that man found this so enjoyable, as the air around him became red-hot with murderous intent, was because he was absolutely insane.
Fully enjoying this crazy situation like it were the prime of this world, Reid in this crazed state resumed the『Trial.』
Reid:「Looklooklooklook Looklooklooklook！You, what happened ?！You, are ya playing?! Unlike before, ‘s time t’ get serious, you. Use your companions around ya, time t’ take vengeance on me! C’monC’monC’monC’monC’monC’monC’monC’mon!」
While bellowing angrily, with spittle flying from his mouth into the midst of the flames, Reid held a wooden stick in each hand. In a similar manner to how those blue eyes glared at him, Julius was encircled by the flames around him.
As Julius dealt with the Witchbeasts around him, with his sword in hand, a sudden feeling of tension and bewilderment floated across his face; he didn’t want to pay any heed to the words of Reid, who, as expected, was treating this as if this were song and dance. And with that same expression, Julius shouted out.
Julius:「What the heck, what are you thinking!? All these Witchbeasts came from the basement! This is a big deal for the tower, we should combine our strength!」
Reid:「Wowzers! Bein’ a dude who’s a well-mannered swordster, you sure are well-mannered in how ya think too, huh. You, like this, can you even enjoy living? From my experience, guys who hold off on doing what they wanna do, live much boring lives than guys who do what they want, understand, you?」
Julius:「What do you-……」
Reid:「First of all, what’s the problem with letting those disgusting burning horseys run around? They’re only as bothersome as rain t’ me. ‘Cept rain’s plenty bothersome, cuz I’ve got frizzy hair, ya see」
Julius’ argument had come from a sensible point of view, but Reid laughed at it like it had been madness-spurned nonsense from a madman’s reasoning. Comparing the flock of clearly murderous Witchbeasts of flame to something on the same level as the rain served as proof that any reasoning within Reid was long dead. There were no chances of there being any proper reasoning to it, holding no meaning save for filling the minds of those listening with confusion and chaos.
Julius:「―hk!」
When Julius heard this, he was disturbed by a thought he’d never even considered, and as a result, a trace of hesitation was born in him as he brandished his sword, and his parry to the Centaur’s attack was belated.
Julius:「Damn―!」
Julius did not meet the arcing, flaming sword with his sword, he instead dodged it with something like a backward somersault. And straight afterwards, another Centaur came to trample his head under its hooves. He avoided it by jumping forwards using his momentum from his landing. He thrusted his sword towards the body of the Witchbeast that had been wielding the flaming sword just before as the Witchbeasts behind them screamed―
Centaur:「―!!」
As he went to turn around, a hoof-kick caught Julius’s left shoulder. A muffled sound, and then a look of anguish ran across his handsome features. Even so, he used the momentum of the hoof to turn his body around, and with his sword, he cut down the Witchbeast by its legs, and with one mighty sword sweep he ran his sword through its body. Then, he slammed the pommel of his own sword into his bleeding left shoulder. The sound of raw meat and bone reverberated, and far more drastic than had been the case when Reid had treated Subaru’s own shoulder, his bone slotted back into place.
Reid:「Kah! And that’s that. Heh, not bad, that expression of yers.」
As their giant burning bodies and trampling hooves transformed the fifth floor into a burning hellhole, only one person, Julius, had dared to fight against everyone’s despair. Reid was pleased by this, with a cruel smile taking form on his face. The Witchbeasts, unable to reason, would consider Reid and Julius equally harmful opponents; however, their troublesomeness was clearer than flame, had you any intelligence.
Stained with blood, lacking his usual elegance, Julius’s sword kept the Witchbeasts’ attacks at bay and steadily cut them down one by one. Meanwhile, Reid didn’t seem troubled, and with martial arts skills that were about the same, or higher than Julius, he was reaping the lives of the Witchbeasts as if he were a Shinigami. And, in the meanwhile―
Julius:「―GH」
Reid:「But, watch yer step. Well though, from how I see it, ya gotta watch yer everywhere.」
Picking his ear seemingly in boredom, Reid’s long leg slammed into the back of Julius, who had been turned away from him. How much power had been in that kick? Having received it, Julius’ body was blown away with ease, just like a stone, wrapped up in a piece of cloth. His body crashed into the tower wall. His crash could be felt reverberating all throughout the tower, the Witchbeasts let out a shrill cry, welcoming their prey’s predicament. Hunched down on the floor, the herd of Witchbeasts rushed forward in a mad scramble towards Julius, who was coughing up blood.
Julius:「Gh… aaa!」
Julius slid his torso up from the ground, and as he kicked out at one of the hooves with his long legs, he jumped back onto his feet. Using that momentum, Julius clambered up using the shoulders and the torso of one of the Witchbeasts that had rushed forward as a foothold, and tried to break through their encirclement. He pointed his left hand towards a gap left in between the Witchbeasts.
Julius:「――――」
Nothing happened. Grasping his left hand, Julius’s face showed bitterness. The Witchbeasts had turned around, drawing nearer towards Julius―
Reid:「―Even at a time like this, ya ain’t gotten serious yet, you.」
Julius found himself between the Witchbeasts, while Reid sighed and waved his stick as he cut in. Holding one each in both hands, a heavy gust of wind was raised as he swung them, lifting up around about 10 of the Centaur’s up into the air. A sensation of being unaware at what had happened rose up in the Witchbeasts as they felt their hooves floating in mid-air.
Reid:「Die, ya useless horses!」
Right there, Reid gently took a step and jumped up, towards the Witchbeasts, one by one, he cut the torsos in half, pierced their heart, broke their upper body, destroying all of the Witchbeasts, massacring them all, total annihilation in different manners.
Flying in the air, to scattering their corpses on the ground, everything happened in about two/three seconds. The Witchbeasts, known for their tremendous lethality, killed without anything they could do about it, all destroyed. Then, the fifth layer filled with the Centaurs was swept away, and in this case, it felt like there was room for some relief―
Reid:「Jeez, there ain’t any end to ’em. One after another, they emerge from their nest.」
Reid clicked his tongue, and, as if to confirm what he had said and indicated, from the stairs that led towards the Sixth Floor underneath, the sounds of hooves and the cries of their baby-like voices were once again approaching the Fifth Floor.
If this went on, due to the accumulation of the corpses, it would only be a matter of time before the Witchbeasts would go up. If the desert outside was the natural habitat of these Witchbeasts, it was impossible to fathom that they’d run out of stock.
Reid seemed to have a similar idea, and he slowly crossed his arms together,
Reid:「’s a time where man comes down feelin’ like leavin’ ‘n settlin’ a few things on my plate, ‘n they’re just gettin’ in the damn way. They’re fucking annoyin’, mhhhm, Oi.」
Julius:「Wait, go out? Things are in this state, and you’re still saying you want to go out from the tower!?」
Reid:「You, heard me, that’s my conclusion. Like I said. These guys ain’t nothing but drops of rain, playin’ with ‘em ‘s just borin’. They’re really nothin’ special. Only the smokin’ hottie was capable of playin’ with me… The rest of ya, you, can’t match up t’ my level at all.」
Julius:「―Gnh!」
Clenching his teeth, Julius was highly dissatisfied with Reid’s attitude, but he hesitated to express that.
If he lost his temper here, the discussion with Reid would break down. In this case, the situation would be against both Reid Astrea and the Witchbeasts. Yes, that was what Julius’s rationality had thought.  Glancing at him, he saw Julius’s hesitation in an instant, the anguish that was clear as day,
Reid:「Nothin’ can be done about it, it’s their nature.」
Reid was disappointed from the bottom of his heart, and he muttered, which made Julius’ cheeks become stiff. How much anguish was coursing through there? Julius’s, his expression and overly complex emotional vortex, it was like a child heading for the top of the mountain which was covered by clouds.
The pain within his heart was absolutely invisible to everyone other than him.
―However, it was immediately after that the hellfire which spouted from below rose up aiming at Julius. All of what was happening below was well visible to the『Mediocre Guy』looking down at the battlefield from up above.
Subaru:「―Aah」
While everything had reached this point, Natsuki Subaru overlooked the fifth layer fight from above, he realized that he had even forgot to breathe because of the situation downstairs.
「――――」
Beneath his eyes, the melee between Reid and Julius, with the Witchbeasts added to the equation, was on an absurd dimension, in which Subaru, lump of banality as he was, could not even think of intruding.
Struck with admiration towards Reid, who operated far outside the norm, he could feel nothing but fresh-born awe towards him. But, for the first time, Subaru witnessed Julius’s fight. His swordsmanship and skills, were at a level at which Subaru could not remotely take advantage of him.
If Subaru challenged him, he would definitely have all his limbs lopped off in an instant; it would only be an ugly defeat. To face him without utmost seriousness, with only a wooden practice sword, well, that nonchalant face would never waver; there would only be agonizing, crushing defeat.
Whether it was Emilia, or Julius, or Ram, it was all the same.
Or, let’s say Beatrice and Echidna, not to mention Shaula, and everyone in this tower, Natsuki Subaru’s meagre power could not be compared with theirs. He had taken them, the people of this world, the inhabitants of this fantasy world far too lightly.
Weak and young, Meili was the only one he had killed. Even then, it was『Natsuki Subaru』who did that, which meant that Subaru did not participate in that.
He can’t kill what he can’t kill. Natsuki Subaru realized that he did not have the strength to fulfill the『Book of The Dead』plan.
「――――」
After realizing that, Natsuki Subaru’s heart became hesitant. Amazed while standing, Julius lost his calm, and was slow to notice the Witchbeasts behind him. Reid noticed them, but showed no signs of warning him.
At this rate, Julius would be burned to death by the flames of the Witchbeasts, who were approaching him from behind― The fulfilment of the possibility that had crossed his mind before.
That Julius’s『Book of The Dead』would also be added to the library.
Subaru could not make this situation unfold with his own hands.
It would be a tragedy, by going with the flow of the situation, Subaru would push Julius into his『Death』―.
Subaru:「―BEHIND YOU, JULIUS！！」
Julius:「―Tsk！」
Upon hearing that scream, Julius’s body reflexively unstiffened. Without hesitation, his slender body flew to the right, over the hellfire that had been set loose from behind him swept across the floor of the Fifth Floor, incinerating everything in its wake. Explosive flames which dyed the air crimson; the source of this continuous emission was a witchbeast an entire size larger than all the previous ones. Adolescent and adult― whether or not such distinctions existed amongst witchbeasts, Subaru felt such a discrepancy in their power levels.
「――――KSEEEEEEEEEEGH！！」
Cloaked by the flames, the big centaur that made a piercing noise, gathered several other smaller centaurs around him. Once again the fifth floor was swarmed by a herd. The situation turned once again back into a stalemate. Having been caught up in the aftermath of the hellfire, Julius flung off his burning cloak in which flames had set it alight from the hem without turning back towards the Witchbeasts… or not, with now nimble figure. Julius faced Subaru, who was feeling desperate and unable to move.
Julius:「――――」
Subaru:「Urkh……」
That moment, even with the distance between them, Julius’s and Subaru’s gazes crossed with each other’s. Even though they are clearly quite a distance apart, in positions where they can’t even see each other’s faces clearly, Subaru felt the complex emotion buried in those yellow eyes, letting out a groan from the depths of his throat. Doubt, confusion, hesitation, worry, various shades of negative emotions swirled around within the depths of his eyes. They pierce straight into the depths of Natsuki Subaru’s inexpressible guilt… and then,
And then, just after, speaking this to Subaru who wanted to do nothing but run away from there, Julius spoke out.
Julius:「―I’m leaving Echidna, Anastasia-sama in your hands!!」
「――――」
Julius pointed his sword towards Subaru― No, not at Subaru; behind him, when he shouted that it was likely to point up to the fourth floor. With trust that was cracked and full of scars, Julius clung onto this supplication. Or perhaps, as if it had been the right thing to shout right now, even Julius himself couldn’t brush away all his doubts. Those were words he shouted among all this.
Doubtful, confused, hesitant, concerned, he still did not stop, and made a decision.
So―,
「―!！」
Like a bullet, Subaru lifted his heavy legs which were attached to the floor, and ran as fast as he could. Scrambling forward, while stumbling, he clumsily ran. He turned his back to the spiral staircase and started running. He did not know the destination. Was he escaping, or not escaping? He didn’t even know that anymore. He didn’t understand his feelings, but even so he could not stop running.
Leaving Julius downstairs, in the place where there was a horde of Witchbeasts and Reid, Subaru ran away like a rabbit.
Reid:「―Woah. Truly, truly no helpin’ it, that nature.」
In the distance, Reid, who was watching the situation from afar, muttered silently. Mutters which seemed identical to his previous one. Whether or not a touch of emotion was lodged into them was unclear.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
Why did he scream? Why couldn’t he let him die right there?
「Haa, Haa……!」
While he sprinted almost running out of breath, Subaru questioned himself over and over again in his head.
Why did he scream? Why couldn’t he let him die right there?
Meili:『Letting him die shouldn’t feel any different than killing him yourself, right?』
Embracing Subaru’s back while he ran, the shade of the girl sentimentally grumbled her complaint.
The shade hadn’t come out even once after Reid’s appearance. Her voice, although 『Her neck had been strangled』was entirely torturing Subaru as if cursing him with that.
In actual fact, it was like that.
Subaru’s actions were contradictory. His thoughts, his actions, his desires and his goals, none of them aligned.
The Book of The Dead plan was constantly in a corner of his head, that craving awaited eagerly for an opportunity.
The shade of the deceased girl could see through subaru’s conflicts, so why did he, even when she gave him a push in the back by calling out to him in his time of doubt, waste his chance?
「――――」
He had given Julius a chance to escape the line of fire.
However, in the end he remained downstairs, where the danger of Reid and the Witchbeasts was very much still present. It was a half-hearted way of leaving someone to die. Was it that he just didn’t want to be involved in the actual scene?
Having strangled Meili with his own hands, the depths of his heart had that impulsive fear engraved in it, could he say that it was such that he didn’t want to see someone else die in front of him?
Was that why he ran away so desperately?
Regardless of the words, and everything, which had been left to him by Julius, entrusted by Julius――
「―Subaru!」
While he was absorbed in his thoughts, Subaru’s feet were abruptly stopped by an overbearing call. When he stopped in his tracks, lurching forward, the voice he heard was from a side-passage that he’d gone past without noticing.
Coming from the other side of the corner, a shadow rushed over to Subaru.
It was――,
「I was looking for you, in fact! Right now going there is too dangerous, I suppose!」
「B- Beatrice……!?　And……」
Holding up the hem of her dress, Beatrice came running up to him with an earnest expression.  Following Julius, Subaru felt both relief and surprise at the same time at having confirmed her safety as well.
However, the surprises didn’t stop there. Someone else was accompanying her from behind,
Subaru:「Echidna!?　Why are you two together……」
Echidna:「……It had to be here that I met you, , Natsuki-kun.」
With a slightly disturbed breath, the girl following behind Beatrice――Echidna, grumbled so.
Aside from the surprise of the unexpected meeting, what had taken a strict hold of Subaru’s heart even more was the emotion with which Echidna’s pale green eyes were looking his way.
「――Hk」
That clear as day suspicion would be made aware to someone in Subaru’s position whether they wanted or not.
Reid, of course, knew nothing. Julius and Beatrice’s demeanors indicated that they also didn’t clearly know anything at all. However, Echidna’s demeanor told a different story.
――Echidna knew.
About the exchange that Subaru, Emilia, and Ram had in the room where he hid Meili’s corpse, where he was locked up in a prison of ice.
And, possibly, that might not be limited to only her.
He remembered how Julius looked at him with a complex emotion in the end.
All of them supposedly shared what happened to Subaru when he woke up. So, it was only natural for Echidna to react this way, rather――、
「Beatrice, You’re……」
「――hk！　Right now’s not the time to talk about that, in fact！　Come over here, I suppose！」
However, in contrast to Subaru who was remembering his hesitation, Beatrice one-sidedly took his hand. Subaru’s quivering voice was blotted out, caught off guard by her action, having been grabbed by her tiny hand.
As a matter of fact, if they were informed by Ram and the others of his circumstances, it was immeasurable how much determination would be required to go ahead with this action. It was such a careless move that it made Subaru want to question their sanity.
「Beatrice, are you serious? He escaped his cell! In a situation like this!」
However, Beatrice taking Subaru’s hand made Echidna’s face go pale and scream at them. She was questioning the pros and cons of Beatrice’s actions. She raised her own hand above and pointed it at Subaru, she pointed her finger at him. The look of that gesture held more pressure.
That seemingly restrained attitude did not seem like a bluff to Subaru. To him the situation was the same as if he were being held at gunpoint.
However, the threat to his life, Subaru took it as a matter of course.
From Echidna’s point of view, being wary of Subaru was obvious. Beatrice was, for some reason. ―even now, standing in front of Subaru and standing off even against Echidna.
Echidna:「Hold it, Beatrice! With such odd behavior, siding with him, is a dangerous choice, so I can’t allow it! Just as Ram warned, he isn’t Natsuki Subaru! 」
Beatrice:「That’s not true, in fact! Holding his hand like this…. Betty who has been in contact with him like this knows, I suppose! Subaru and Betty are still bound by our contract, in fact. You would understand this if you’re in the same position as Betty, I suppose! 」
Echidna:「..Even if that’s the case, he’s still untrustworthy! Escaping his cage in circumstances like this! How can I trust him at all? There’s no possible explanation for this!」
As Echidna screamed so, her expression had the strongest emotion he had ever seen of her. To date, she’d always stifled her feelings skillfully- the her the had always given off that air now seemed painfully anxious. Continuously forceful, she desperately tried to eliminate the threat before her. Desperately, doing so.
「――――」
An overwhelming number of Witchbeasts are overflowing downstairs, every single thing happening in this tower is to be feared. It’s natural she would have an outburst when thrown into that impossible situation, while looking at that, he thought.
Subaru:「Just, whatever」
Beatrice:「Subaru？」
Beatrice who was holding his hand, hearing Subaru’s whisper, her eyes widened in shock. That Beatrice’s small soft hand was then released. With a sudden sound, something that had until now been pulled taught, snapped. Snapped, like so.
Echidna:「……What are you trying to do?」
Subaru having pushed away Beatrice’s shoulders, Echidna furrows her brow at him as he stepped forward. Bewildered, her caution was more than that. Even then, Subaru’s heart didn’t falter.
Subaru:「Just as you see, I’m giving up……Just, do whatever you want with me.」
He felt like his emotions couldn’t stir into anything else now, other than having whatever happens happen.
He committed a crime he doesn’t remember, he desperately wanted to conceal all of it, causing doubts around people, he just tried to stay in peace, but his life was targeted, all while being continuously frightened by the shadow of『Natsuki Subaru』.
Echidna:「With that admirable attitude, do you think we’ll lower our guard? If so, you’re making a big mistake. From the bottom of my heart, I can’t trust you.」
Subaru:「Fine, whatever. You’re free to add that in too. This tower, is finished..」
Subaru could not handle it.
He had gone over his mental capacity, having gone through one too many impossible situations. This was, just him wanting to grumble at his blockade.
However, it seemed that Echidna thought differently.
Echidna:「This Tower is……？　In other words, you already have achieved your goal？」
Subaru: 「……My goal？」
Echidna:「Don’t feign ignorance! Your goal, it is the『Witch』in the shrine, isn’t it！？Because your goal is fulfilled, everything reveals its true nature.……I should have followed Ana’s intuition. I shouldn’t have brought anyone else here.」
Echidna’s voice, speaking with anguish, was filled with contrition and remorse. It was like Subaru didn’t know its origins.
Just now, she was seeing something Subaru couldn’t. Moreover, she suspects that Subaru is related to that. ――But does it even matter? The end of the world is approaching.
Beatrice:「Subaru, Subaru！In fact, what’s wrong with you?！　The way you’re talking, it’s nothing like Subaru, I suppose！You cannot stop in such a place like this in fact！」
Subaru:「Like… me?」
Beatrice appealed and pulled Subaru’s sleeve, whose expressions had completely disappeared. The trembling voice shook his ears, and Subaru stared at Beatrice.
Subaru:「What is, being like me. Just where is that being like me, which you guys are seeing.」
Echidna:「… Amnesia. Do you intend to continue your disgusting farce? You know that Ram has lost memories of her little sister, or Julius who has had himself forgotten, and the fact many have had the memories of their precious ones erased, and yet you maintain your cruel act.」
Subaru:「Act!? Act you say!? Give me a break! If it’s acting, then isn’t it obvious I’d act with much more determination!? Who would…… who would like to become『Natsuki Subaru』, by their choice! Who would become that disgusting guy！！」
With his brain a total mess, Subaru bursted out with anger at Echidna,
If he had the freedom of choice, if he had the luxury of being picky, who would like to become 『Natsuki Subaru』. Twisted, unbearable, that was the kind of existence he was. Just who would want that.
―Just who, would wish to become 『Natsuki Subaru』?
Subaru:「You’re all just ganging up on me! Who do you think you are! I lost everything! I was just coming back from the convenience store! All I remember is that there was just the store clerk with me! From that, suddenly a different world? Sand tower? Dead body! 『Trial』! Fakeness! 『Natsuki Subaru』! Don’t mess with me! Don’t mess with, me!」
Echidna:「――――」
Subaru:「That’s right! It must be my fault! I came here when I shouldn’t have had! I didn’t want to go back home! I was too scared to bother dad and mom by putting on a fake look on my face! So I was all excited in the beginning, but just in the beginning!」
Beatrice and Echidna were staring open-eyed at the emotions of the exploding Subaru.
They surely didn’t know their meaning. To them, Subaru’s anguish was simply meaningless.
He also confessed of this being a different world for him.
However, they did not understand the meaning of『Different World』in its truest sense.— There was an unquestionable gap between their understanding.
Subaru was not the『Natsuki Subaru』they were seeking.
Likewise, they too, would never become to the salvation Subaru was seeking.
Subaru:「You must all be thinking why I’m blowing my temper right now all of a sudden, right? I don’t know either! But, I have suddenly just reached my limit! Because I am like this, something that was perfectly fine snapped! Even if I was implored, I can’t do anything! Not a single thing! So!」
「――――」
Subaru:「So…… just forgive me now. Please forgive me. Please, send me back home…… If God, wanted to, punish me then, I understand……. it was my fault.」
Subaru said, overwhelmed, with his voice gradually fading away and holding back all his bitterness.
He asked for forgiveness, as he rubbed his forehead on the aisle. He did not know who he should ask this of, so he prayed to God. Taking the name of all the gods that were to his knowledge, he prayed.
He wished forgiveness for the punishment given to him, to his slothful self. Reflection and regrets, he had surely done both enough to change his life.
So, please forgive me.
He no longer wished to have anyone else involved in the punishment resulting from Natsuki Subaru’s foolishness.
He did not want to be hurt himself, he did not want to hurt anyone else.
「――――」
Cowering, Subaru desperately and tearfully appealed to the silent Echidna and Beatrice.
Beatrice’s palm gently stroked Subaru’s back, who was squatted down next to the two of them.
That feeling of the palm of someone not of the same incorrigibleness as him, why did it still persist with him?
Hearing to the answer of that question was too hurtful for Subaru.
Echidna:「……I don’t believe you.」
Beatrice:「Echidna……」
Beatrice called out to Echidna, who had sighed out her conclusion. At her voice, Echidna loosely shook her head.
Echidna:「Even if you cradle your head and sob, none of my doubt will be erased. My answer remains the same. I am….. I have the responsibility of borrowing Ana’s body. For her safe return, no matter who curses me, who hates me, I’ll bear it.」
Beatrice:「――――」
Echidna:「…However, I don’t want to do anything that leaves me incapable of facing her.」
Saying that, Echidna gradually lowered her fingers towards Subaru’s forehead. Seeing the fingers lose the pressure they had ever since coming to this aisle, it became obvious that the issue of those fingers holding Subaru’s life had been solved.
But, that had nothing to do with the salvation Subaru wished for.
Echidna:「Beatrice, you’re free to go with him. I plan to go to where Julius is. After reuniting with him, if no surprises arise, we’ll meet again above.」
Beatrice:「… Understood, I suppose. Hey, Subaru, stand now. If you can’t stand, then Betty is ready to even carry you, I suppose.」
Echidna turned her back and recognized that Beatrice respected her beliefs. At that time, as Beatrice tried to lend her small shoulder to him, Subaru stared at Echidna’s back, who was trying to keep distance from his affairs.
―I’m leaving Echidna, Anastasia-sama in your hands!!
Echidna:「―By this, what do you think you’re doing?」
Echidna turned her head around and glared intensely― at the hand which grabbed the sleeve of her left hand. Echidna asked Subaru, whose face was all messy with his tears and a runny nose, his cheeks stiffening at her question.
He was unable to answer what he was doing.
Subaru could not stand the look in Echidna’s accusations. Even so, having heard Subaru’s unsightly plea, it had been Echidna’s judgement to not lay her hands on him.
As she realised that, Subaru’s fingers continued to damage her judgement.
Echidna:「I thought I was handing you over. Even so, how come has it come down to this?」
Subaru:「……Julius, asked me to.」
Echidna:「He did? Don’t joke around. He could……. make this decision, but…」
一At that moment, Echidna, who was the reason behind Subaru’s tears, reconsidered what she was going to say, letting out a “before that”,
Echidna:「Did you meet him before coming here? He should have headed over to take a look at the situation on the fifth floor. And if he met with you…… No, rather than that, what did he ask you for? Right now he is……」
Subaru experienced an overwhelming pressure due to her threatening attitude, hearing those rapidfire questions.
The cracks in his heart hadn’t healed yet in the first place. Just why, did his body act, for a world out of his control, where he could not do anything.
Why, until he’d recalled Julius’ scream, which could hardly be called a promise―,
Echidna:「Yeah, we’re making no progress. Anyway, where did you last meet Julius, tell……」
Subaru:「―Ah」
Echidna, driven with impatience, picked words to continue the conversation. Looking at her efforts, Subaru gulped.
It was not because he was hesitating to tell her.
A situation even more urgent, than this unavoidable one with Echidna, had come up.
「――――」
Behind Echidna, who was staring at Subaru– a dot of red light floated across the aisle. Subaru was distracted by it, wondering what it was.
The dot of red light, floating in the dark and moving slowly, directly faced Subaru’s black eyes.
Subaru understood that this was a situation of being “eye-to-eye” with someone or something thanks to his mere intuition.
At the same time, the eyes of the one who had locked with his own, its figure was faintly visible through the dark. A black body that stood in the dark, with a glowing dot of light, and a pair of strangely developed sharp pincers, and above all, a trembling sharp tail stinger―,
Subaru:「WAH?」
―An unbelievably huge scorpion, with its tailpiece pointing towards them.
Beatrice:「SUBARU ! !」
At the moment when it swung its tail, Beatrice, who was standing next to him, called out.
―Light swept through the aisle, the shock waves emitted violently shattering the stones which composed the fourth floor.

※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※


Chapter 54
The volitant tail stinger which came flying towards them shattered the stone aisle, causing an eruption of smoke as the destruction spread rampantly.
Feeling the spectacle seemingly in slow motion, Subaru witnessed a petite young girl in a dress jump into the core of the vortex of the terrible destruction unfolding before his eyes.

With her vertically rolled hair fluttering, jumping into the destruction head on had been Beatrice.
Courageーー no, foolhardiness. Though a matter of course, the petite young girl’s build was fragile, it had much less capacity to withstand the tail stinger’s blow than the stone monument. Should she even try to act as a shield, the young girl, with her stature, would not be able to obstruct any strike above Subaru’s chest.
In other words, it was naught but an impulsive action, naught but a death futile.

Just as how the sobbing Subaru, with his face stained with nasal mucus, had grasped Echidna’s sleeve.
Just as how he had ultimately called out Julius’ name, who had been scorched in the flames of deeds.
Just as how he had tried to slam Ram’s head into the wall, and had not abided by the illusionary young girl’s advice.

Beatrice too, had overlooked the『Impossible』, and tried to receive and halt the tail stingerーー,

Subaru: “Woah!?”
Beatrice: “ーー『Incomplete EMT』in fact!”

At that instant, Beatrice, who had appeared forth, grasped Subaru’s hand and held her empty hand aloft ahead.
At the same pace with the young girl’s shout, something invisible to the eyes similar to energy flowed out of Subaru’s body. Before Subaru, whose head was tottering, the tail stinger’s blow was blocked by a seeming light screen which had been activated in front of Beatrice’s pointing palm.

“ーーーー”

The shockwave, which gave one the impression of this being the last thing one gets to see was blocked by the defensive wall which had Beatrice’s palm as its centre and it unrolled the damage onto the environs, seemingly avoiding Subaru and the others.
The launched tail stinger did not end with a single blow, and rained upon them continuously. However, all of it was blocked by the shield which had taken the form of the young girl named Beatrice, and led the damage onto their rear.

The terrible shock wave blew violently, one of the scattered fragments of the aisle grazed Subaru’s cheek.
The noise became further distant, in the situation where his field of vision became white and as he squinted his eyes due to the pain of his cheek, Subaru had his glance robbed by Beatrice’s back.

The titanic scorpion which had been visible for a single instant, if this was indeed that scorpion’s tail stinger which had rained incessantly upon them then it was a matter of course that it was a mortar which could effortlessly turn a human body to dust.
Having that be shielded by a young girl with such a small build, gave Subaru the chance to pick up his life.

An instant before, he had been thinking of what unimaginable hell must he endure, having continued to wish for salvation from god.
Subaru had no room to be cursing his own misfortune, and close to his awareness, an existence separate from Beatrice or the scorpion had been present in the corner of his field of vision.

That was Echidna, who had been dragged into this attack and exposed to the same damage.
She had once declared acting separately and tried to part ways with Subaru and Beatrice, but immediately preceding the commencement of the attack she had been restrained by Subaru, and thus dragged into this situation.
Fortunately, she had also been in the location which Beatrice was protecting so the tail stinger’s damage had been obstructed by the light screen and did not reach through. However, that was all.

What Beatrice had blocked was merely the direct damage that had been rained upon them by the tail stinger.
She had not been able to defend against the secondary damage that the tail stinger brought with itself.
In other wordsーー,

Echidna: “ーーWo, ah!”

Raising her voice faintly, Echidna lost her balance and collapsed backwards. Though she stepped back in order to support her body, there was no floor to support her legs.
Shattered by the tail stinger’s attack, the aisle crumbled halfway. As a result, the structure of the tower’s aisle was damaged and due to the collapse of the floor, ceiling and walls, Echidna lost space to step on. Upon being abandoned into an unknown space, death due to falling would be inescapable.
Instinctively comprehending that fear, a sense of impending crisis levitated in Echidna’s eyes.

Subaru: “ーー~hk!”

Subaru instantaneously stepped ahead and grasped Echidna’s hand, preventing her from falling to death.

Echidna: “Natsuki-kun……!?”

Beatrice had grasped his right hand, while he grasped Echidna’s with his left hand.
Thanks to Reid’s coercive surgery his shoulder was still in, the pain was deep-rooted, his shoulder may get dislocated if overused. Without handing the responsibility over to Beatrice, who was busy desperately catching the tail stinger, Subaru braced his legs as he gnashed his molars and had no choice but to muster the entirety of his strength in order to restrain Echidna’s body weight.

Subaru: “Gh, ya~a~a~a~……!”

Regardless of her small stature, Echidna possessed the weight of a human. Lifting up a human is not an easy task to begin with. Much less with a single hand, much less by a wounded person, much less with the other person being uncooperative due to this crisisーー even upon being pulled, the danger of falling had not been reduced.
Though that was something which was well understood even if not given any thought. Why, he braved this risk.

Echidna: “……Don’t do something which, will make me surmise something about you.”

Subaru: “Like, I care……! It was just instantaneous……!”

Echidna: “That response…… does seem fitting of Natsuki-kun, as well!”

Overlapping the exhausted soliloquy, he refuted Echidna’s remarks, whom he had saved reflexively. Though unshapely she turned her body around and with the support of Subaru’s arm, somehow laid foot upon the crumbled floor.
Somehow supporting her actions until the very end, Subaru looked down onto his arm.

ーーLetters engraved as wounds, patterns of black speckles covering it which he did know happened when, painful and fierce white scars all over his body remained which had been carved by his own volition.

Subaru: “It, moves better than, what’s in the limits…… of my memories?”

His arm’s functioning being better than what he remembered, or the countless scratches on them. His physique, which had become slightly stronger, narrowly managed to save Echidna from falling to death.
Though his body was too defective and limited for the execution of the『Book of the Dead』plan.

Echidna: “Somehow I managed, to get back up……! Beatrice! How’re things on your end!?”

Beatrice: “About to, hit the limit, I suppose! About time……”

Putting her unfitting emotions somewhere else, Echidna, having climbed up, called out to Beatrice with a grim expression. At her call, Beatrice stiffened her lovely cheeks and responded and at the very next instantーー,

“ーー~Bishaaan!!”

The scorpion, which must have unleashed a rapid-fire of the tail stinger, clung to the ceiling and pointed its enormous pincers towards them while letting out a cry.

Subaru: “ーー~hk.”

With the seemingly scything down pincers closing in, Subaru had his thoughts slowly washed away.
According to his ordinary knowledge, when speaking of a scorpion rises a strong image of a venomous stinger but the truth is, over the thousands of species of scorpions venomous species were only a few dozen in number. In that case, what would be the weapon of a scorpion which hunts without venom. ーーOf course, those pincers would be its weapon.

Sharpness, or perhaps it should be called cutting strength instead. It may seem less hazardous when compared to a venomous stinger, but should the scorpion be this large its killing ability anyhow cannot be made light of.
That was also made clear through the spectacle of the walls or floor of the tower, which had managed to barely hold their structure, being minced like tofu being cut with a knife.

Beatrice: “ーーMurak.”

Beatrice evaded the spectacle, seemingly a symbol of destruction and massacre, by jumping and rebounding with an unbelievable leapーー no, by flying unnaturally, as if abusing the laws of inertia.
It was a queer sensation, of seemingly escaping the effect of gravity with Beatrice at the centre. Beatrice grabbed the lower back of Subaru and Echidna’s clothes, taking a large distance away from the scorpion’s attack.
And with the new distance in between, Echidna prepared the fingers of her right hand in the direction of the scorpion’s face.

Echidna: “El Jiwaldーー!”

White lines of heat were fired from each of her five fingers respectively, the five beams mowed down the aisle like the claws of a giant and scorched the face, right pincer and shell of the scorpion clinging to the ceiling.
Perhaps due to being unable to endure that strength and damage, the scorpion vehemently waved about its tail stinger and right pincer, and whilst slipping into the dust which erupted due to the aisle’s destruction, retreated to the rear.

Echidna: “Jiwald! Jiwald! Jiwa~ld!”

Subaru: “Wait! Calm down, Echidna! It ran away! That thing ran away! It ran away!”

While the scorpion drew back into the plume of smoke, Subaru bound Echidna’s arms back, who all the more refused to halt her attack.
Even after that Echidna continued struggling for some time, desperately glaring towards the other side of the plume of smoke, finally relaxing her body and entrusted her body weight onto Subaru.

Echidna: “Hah, hah, hah…… d-did it, do it?”

Subaru: “……Not, totally. It probably ran away.”

Subaru shook his head horizontally before Echidna, who was short of breath and in an unbelievable condition. The plume of smoke was yet to clear away, but it gave the impression that the scorpion’s corpse was not present there.
In fact, even right now he was trembling with the fear of the tail stinger’s counterattack from the other side of the plume.

Subaru: “But, isn’t that…… eh? That one just now was……”

Beatrice: “A Witch Beast, in fact. A boorish fellow, which suddenly appeared onto this fourth layer. The tremors in the lower floors, and the Witch Beast of the fourth layer. On top of that, the abnormalities in the upper layers.”

Subaru: “Up, down, inside…… are there problems happening everywhere?”

Subaru changed his expression and turned around upon Beatrice’s report, as she made a serious face.
Certainly, Julius was continuing the battle in the lower floors, and the existence of that scorpionーー that Witch Beast had become clear. It was also convincing to believe that the abnormalities in the upper floors were happening due to Reid’s descent.

Echidna: “……Though it seems you do not realise, that one of those problems is you.”

“ーーーー”

As if trying the very basis of Subaru’s thoughts, Echidna stood alone, having distanced herself from Subaru’s chest. She wiped the sweat off her forehead, gazing at Subaru with vigilance she found impossible to eliminate.
In her pale cerulean eyes was vigilance, suspicion, along with anxiety, perplexity.

Echidna: “Just what…… what, are you? Where do you stand, what do you want?”

Subaru: “I, don’t know the details. I said, didn’t I. I don’t know what occurred, and what’s happening either, the same as you. After all, I……”

Beatrice: “ーーーーAmnesia.”

Subaru’s muttered weakly in response to Echidna’s question, unable to respond with nothing but the same former perplexity. The one to claim the last one was Beatrice, who had been lost in thoughts with a serious expression.
ーーAmnesia, Subaru had opened his heart to subjects regarding that only before the two of Emilia and Ram. In other words, Beatrice and the others are aware of the cage as well as Subaru’s excuses.

And despite knowing, this was the attitude Beatrice possessed.
Echidna too, thought as she nearly ran out of words.

Echidna: “How did you, escape from the cage?”

Subaru: “……When I took notice, I was lying outside with a broken shoulder.”

Though he answered straightforwardly and honestly, he did not expect to be believed. However, overlapping lies with lies leading to gradual deterioration is what the current situation was.
Though his self had even prayed to god with a dripping nose to award him with punishment, but there was no longer any point in keeping up appearances and pretences.
With that mental state Subaru responded to Echidna without any falsehood, making her hesitate to say something for a brief period. But, after that she immediately closed her eyes, and resumed without looking at Subaru.

Echidna: “……Why, did you save me, just now?”

“ーーーー”

Echidna: “Had you not offered your hand, I would have unmistakably died. Taking Ana’s body with me, it surely would have been a death terribly filled with regrets.”

As if other human affairs, the question distanced him away by a single step.
However, the reason she dared to do that was the same as the reason why she abstained from looking at Subaru’s face, eyes. Namely, a last resort to ensure she did not err her judgement due to her emotions.
With Echidna’s such judgement before him, Subaru pondered. Why had his self, offered his hand to Echidna. ーーWas it because Julius, had entrusted him in the end.

Did those words, make Subaru offer his hand.

Subaru: “……It was instantaneous, I don’t know.”

However, shaking his head left and right, Subaru denied that notion.
Certainly, Subaru had thought back to Julius’ words and moved in order to prevent Echidna from acting separately once. But when her life was actually in danger, the reason why his body moved was not due to such deliberate thinking.
He did not know, why had his self made such a move.

Subaru: “It’s not like everything needs a reason, you know? It was sudden. Everything, was sudden. That’s why, I……”

Prepared to despair, Subaru expressed the emotions within him whilst faltering. He thought that he would undoubtedly receive a cold response by Echidna, having made her hear thisーー,

Echidna: “ーー. That might be, the true nature of the human known as yourself.”

Subaru: “Eh……?”

So spilled out Echidna, relaxing her shoulders having stiffened herself up before his eyes. Upon hearing that Subaru stared in amazement, eaten by the dumbfoundedness.
Subaru stood in mute amazement, as Echidna shrugged her shoulders upon his gaze,

Echidna: “It is inevitable that we would want to quarrel here. It would also be foolish to remain here for long, and accept the Witch Beast’s second attack. Let’s move. I want to unite with Julius.”

Subaru: “Ah, eh……”

Beatrice: “Agreed, in fact. For now, let’s get away from this place, I suppose.”

Echidna and Beatrice indifferently determined their plan, leaving out Subaru, who was at sea. Echidna ascertained the area behind Subaru and Beatrice, and Beatrice tightly grabbed Subaru’s hand.
Upon that tiny sensation he looked towards the young girl, as Beatrice, with a deep nod,

Beatrice: “Do you not remember, taking Betty outside as well?”

Subaru: “……I’m, sorry. I don’t know, what you’re, talking about.”

Beatrice: “ーーIt’s fine, in fact.”

Hearing the terribly transient emotions of loneliness mixed in Beatrice’s voice, Subaru felt as if he had committed the most dreadful crime in this world.
But, Beatrice shook her head left and right before Subaru, who was bleached with a fear of unknown nature. And concealing her self’s lonesome feelings, carved a daring smile upon her lips.

Beatrice: “Even if Subaru has forgotten, it is still present within Betty’s heart. It is impossible for what Subaru engraved into Betty’s heart, to fade away at all, I suppose. That’s why, it’s fine for now, in fact.”

Subaru: “Beatrice……”

Beatrice: “Even if Subaru forgets, Betty will never forget. Betty will always remember. And, Betty will also make Subaru remember, I suppose. For that, Betty will do whatever she can, in fact.”

“ーーーー”

That had been a response far too dazzling for Natsuki Subaru, who was standing here all alone.
Just how many predicaments had she overcome, how many times had she tempered her heart into steel, to make a girl this young wield such will.

Subaru: “ーーAh.”

He could be saved, and upon that sensation Subaru held his breath. Spontaneously, a sensation welling up deep within his eyes tried to kill Subaru, as he braved letting that warmth overflow.
Beatrice supported that strenuous effort of Subaru’s, by gripping to his hand without saying a thing.
By merely gripping his hand, it proved to be his support.

Echidna: “It does not seem to be possible to tread the path Natsuki-kun came from due the Witch Beast’s attack just now. Though undeniably dangerous, it seems there is no choice but to utilise the side of the aisle which remains alright, where the Witch Beast retracted to, and move.”

Beatrice: “Echidna, you too……”

Echidna: “Talking about forgiving, not forgiving, doubting, not doubting is unsuitable for this place. Regardless, the suspicions I have cannot be cleared. However, the situation does not allow for that. Creating an order of priorities is an indispensable ability in business. I witnessed that, right by Ana’s side.”

That is why, no more arguments were to be had in this place.
That must be Echidna’s conclusion. Subaru also avoided objecting to Echidna’s judgement, who had made compromises and possessed feelings of rejection, and decided to abide by the judgement of the two.

There was no change in his feeling of wanting to run away even now. However, he wanted to believe that if he crouched down and had his hands on his head, a scene further befitting of pleading for would await him rather than simply offering his prayers to god.

“ーーーー”

Behind him, the aisle Subaru came running from was in a terrible state. Receiving the attack by the scorpion’s tail stinger as if a catastrophe, most of it had been converted into piles of debris and wreckage and did not seem like it could be used, just as what Echidna had said.
What Beatrice’s magical safeguard had protected was only her own and the other two’s lives. Even if they try to go towards Emilia and the others, who were moving separately, or Julius who was fighting in the fifth layer, they had no choice but to advance upon that side of the aisle which the scorpion had retreated towards.

Subaru: “Ugh……”

Ahead of jumping over the hole due to which Echidna nearly fell to her death, after clearing up the smoke in the part of the aisle her white lines of heat had grilled, a reason for Subaru to spontaneously groan fell over there.

ーーIt was that Witch Beast’s tail, which had perhaps fallen off from its roots.

Echidna: “I see, it means there was no counterattack. Its means of attacking splintered off, which is a bit of good news, I guess.”

Beatrice: “That’s what it seems, I suppose…… Don’t fall off the floor, in fact. It’s time to jump over, I suppose.”

Beatrice and Echidna nodded to each other as they looked at the fallen tail, which even had the stinger attached. By appearance it was overwhelmingly grotesque, but the Witch Beast had certainly lost its means of long ranged attacks with this.
Of course, the circumstance in the lower floors was that countless centaurs clad in flames were surging forth. Just because the danger of that one Witch Beast had diminished it could not possibly be said that the hazards present within the entire tower had reduced.

Subaru: “ーーHere.”

Subaru lightly jumped over the hole while continuing to hold Beatrice. Beatrice’s body was light, far too light for any comparison. The fruits of an year’s worth of labour which Subaru felt in his own body which were nowhere to be found in his memoriesーー her lightness was seemingly irrespective of that.

“ーーーー”

Keeping that in the back of his mind, Subaru turned his eyes once again towards the fallen tail which lied ahead of the hole on the aisle.

The tail had launched a rapid fire of the tail stinger as if a catastrophe, but its structure was completely different from the scorpion’s biological features which Subaru was aware of, to an extent that it could be called a separate article entirely. Though a matter of course, the venom stinger of a scorpion which Subaru knew could not be used for things like shooting, and probably couldn’t be regenerated either.
Above all, evident from the aisle’s destroyed condition, it had not been firing the tail stinger as an object. ーーIt had been firing power which resembled a stinger in form.

Basically, it could alternatively be said that just like Beatrice’s light screen and Echidna’s white lines of heat, what the scorpion was firing was something akin to magical stingers.
Naturally, since it had been utilised as a stinger it would no longer be able to invoke it after having lost its tail, that is what he wanted to believeーー,

Subaru: “ーー?”

Thinking that far, Subaru embraced unease.
He had noticed it after observing the fallen tail. That fallen tail had been cut off nearly from what was its root, but the wound’s mouth appeared as something unusual.
Had it been burned off by Echidna’s lines of heat, regardless of cutting strength, there should have been scorch marks remaining on the wound. As a matter of fact, the surrounding part of the aisle which had been struck as well also had such burn marks.
However, there were no traces of that on the scorpion’s fallen tail, but instead had an awfully clean cross-sectionーー,

Subaru: “ーーBea”

Subaru noticed, something was strange. Far too late.
The tail fallen on the floor which he had kept at the edge of his field of vision, quaked with a start.

ーーAn instant later, a light burst open.



※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※


ーーThere exists a mechanism, named autotomy.

A phenomenon primarily witnessed among arthropods and lizards, is often called things like “lizard’s tail” and refers to the action of cutting off a part of one’s own body for escaping from foreign enemies.
This action is also seen among pincers of crabs, and in other words, the Witch Beast shaped as a scorpion had perhaps done something similar.

In the case of a lizard practicing autotomy upon its own tail, the detached portion of the tail moves around for a while and serves the purpose of distracting the enemy while the real deal escapes.
Of course, the tail possesses no such consciousness and only acts reflexively but it is an example of a species which practices autotomy being capable of such reflex action.
Then, would this not be possible as well.

Once the prey gets close to the detached tail, it would explode and spread damage, a duty like that of a『Land Mine』, and also granting the ability to do so to the amputated part.


Subaru: “U~gh, gh, u~gh……”

He wailed. Whilst spilling out a wail from his throat, slowly and steadily, Subaru dragged his feet.
As for why he was dragging them, it was not because of fatigue. The problem was physical. With a large and deep tear in the flesh of his left leg, and in a situation where he continuously bled from that wound he had no choice but to move that way.
And, what Subaru was dragging, was not his body alone.

???: “……Enough, now. Leave me, and go.”

So pronounced Echidna, having lost all of her strength, as she was dragged along by Subaru who was dragging his feet.
Subaru took both of her armpits in his arms, pulling her from behind and anyhow leaving the scene. Once the scene of the explosion is left, that Witch Beast shall return.

ーーThe scorpion Witch Beast, which left the explosion as a parting gift, responsible for ripping Subaru and the others to shreds.

Subaru: “ーーShit, shit, shit, shit!”

He was negligent. He let his guard down. His mind, had been completely submerged in lukewarm water.
Just an instant before, there had been words which Beatrice told him, there had been somewhat of a softening in Echidna’s attitude, resulting in a gap within his heart, and that is thoroughly why they were the way they were now.

He was so pathetic, so pathetic, so pathetic from the bottom of his heart, that he teared up.

Why, despite being made to stand before such crises, yet his self displayed no growth. Displayed no change. Troubles, trials, hardships, are they not chances to grow provided by god.
However, if hardships could consist of only being beaten up, bleeding out and having bones broken, having the soul shattered and the life robbed, then just what do humans suffer for.

Echidna: “Natsuki, -kun…… this, is, enough……”

Subaru: “It’s not enough! Not a single thing, is enough!”

Echidna: “……Beatrice, rather than, me, right?”

Closing her eyes, Echidna whispered with difficulty. Responding to her words with a yell, Subaru halted his breath upon the words she followed up with.
Echidna’s words, though sad, were sound. Should Subaru be asked who was more valuable to him between Beatrice and Echidna, though sad, Subaru shall choose Beatrice.
The worth of lives may be equal, but the worth of humans is not equal. There exists a sequential order when it comes to relationships. In a scene of choosing, that order would probably be followed.

ーーHowever, Beatrice wasn’t here. She was not there. She was no longer anywhere.

The moment the tail left by the scorpion Witch Beast exploded, Subaru pulled Beatrice towards himself in fear. How fortunate would it have been, had he been able to protect her body and everything just like that.
However, Subaru’s actions were tragically slow, and his wish could not be fulfilled.

The tail of the Witch Beast, from which the light exploded and countless stingers were scattered throughout its environs. Though Subaru had not been exposed to that explosion from close proximity either, the reason why he survived despite being fatally injured is to Beatrice’s credit entirely.
The moment Subaru hugged and pulled her, she tried to shield Subaru’s body and vitals. As a result of which, was exposed to the concentrated lightーー,

Subaru: “ーー~hk.”

Echidna: “……I, see. That child, is truly, like that.”

It seemed that even Echidna’s imagination got an idea of the words he had been unable to continue. Subaru could not possibly refute her husky, sighing voice.
Subaru, bleeding and wailing in agony, had been unable to even exchange a final few words with the young girl, who had seemingly melted away. ーーHowever, merely her final expression, he did possess in his memories.

Eyes seemingly relieved, seemingly loving and cherishing Subaru.
That far too convenient expression for Subaru, had been Beatrice’s end.

And if that’s so, then『Natsuki Subaru』, who made her disappearing self make that expression, should vanish from this world without leaving the slightest trace behind.

And due to the process of elimination after Beatrice’s disappearance, Subaru escaped by dragging Echidna with him, who had still been breathing.
As if for atonement, as if for redemption, or perhaps in an effort to be rightfully punished by the offender.

And Subaru’s such actions, were restrained by the feebly breathing Echidna. Telling him that it would be pointless for him to do this, she, who had been so enthused about returning Anastasia’s body.
That too was a matter of course. ーーBoth of her legs had been blown off from the roots.

“ーーーー”

At this point, she had almost stopped bleeding.
Pulling the body he felt to be lighter than even Beatrice’s, in a state where she had not received any immediate medical attention, what kind of a future must be awaiting her.

Subaru: “Ugh, ah ~hk!”

When such thoughts filled his mind, Subaru stumbled upon the debris, and collapsed at that very spot. At the same time, Echidna, whom he was dragging along, was also thrown down onto the aisle and she toppled over.
Momentarily, merely the wails of two people, seemingly cursing the entire world, echoed through the aisle.

Echidna: “It hurts…… ah, it really, hurts. The human body, truly, hurts……”

Subaru: “M-My bad…… sorry, sorry…… no, rather than that, I……”

Echidna: “Don’t apologize, sincerely, Natsuki-kun. Also…… I, no longer have any face to show Ana…… This pain, is my sole, repayment to Ana.”

Subaru: “Re, payment……?”

Remaining collapsed on the ground, Echidna assented, unable to even move her body, as Subaru shook his eyes, unable to comprehend the words she had spoken.
Just what, did repayment mean. Looking at Subaru’s puzzled expression, Echidna said “After all, isn’t that so?” by loosely opening her mouth slightly.

Echidna: “If I, return this body to Ana now…… she would have to taste, this doomed pain, and the fear of death…… That would be, hell. I should be the one, to taste it alone.”

Subaru: “Ah, ugh……”

Echidna: “Unable to return this body to Ana for her sake, and unable to assist Julius…… It is fitting, for me to fall, into hell like this.”

He could understand that emotions of self-derision and self-reproach were vehemently scorching Echidna’s heart.
Even Subaru was able to grasp that Echidna’s lifeless eyes, after having recited this, had commenced counting down to her gradually approaching『Death』.

Without having done a single thing, the powerless, insouciant, incompetent oneself.
With those regrets, Echidna shall die. ーーShe shall die, leaving Subaru behind.

Subaru: “Wai…… ~hk.”

Echidna: “Please don’t, think about making it……. easy, okay? I am, yeah, fine like this……”

Echidna’s fading life force, dreading it, Subaru raised his voice first. However, her words suddenly bestowed a new choice upon Subaru, who had been unable to do anything.

ーーHe shall, make it easy. His actions, at this point, were far too slow to call it a comforting death, yet, assisting her by shortening the time of suffering and hastening her『Death』was something even he was capable of.

“ーーーー”

Subaru forced his agonizing body to stand up before Echidna’s sidelong glance, as she breathed lightly, faintly, and he picked up a broken piece of the crumbled aisle, confirming its weight.
Of a size which could be grabbed with a palm, about the size of a fist at maximum. However, even this could surely serve as a weapon for taking away the life of a young girl on the verge of death.

Subaru: “……Echidna.”

Echidna: “ーーーー”

Keeping the piece of rubble in his hand, Subaru called Echidna’s name and got on his knees beside her, and denied her condition.
Not a response, she did not even open her eyelids. But, it could be understood from her expression that she was not unconscious, having faintly stiffened her cheeks and pursed her lips.

She perhaps no longer had any willpower left to even stop him.
Should Subaru raise the piece of rubble overhead and swing it down energetically, her life would be taken easily.

Meili:『Smashing someone’s head with a stone, even I haven’t done something like thi~s.』

So heard Subaru, the echoing sweet voice of the young girl within his mind as he held the piece of rubble in his hand. However, this action was not for the sake of reading the『Book of the Dead』.
That may happen in terms of results, but as of this moment, Subaru did not have that in mind whatsoever.
He was being, a suicide assistant. A suicide assistant, for the sake of making someone’s parting, who was already on the verge of dying, as comfortable as possible.

If someone had the right to take away that life, then surely this moment alone was sincerelyーー.
This was the sole opportunity of atonement for Subaru, who happened to be present here, for Natsuki Subaru, who no longer was capable of doing anything.
It was the sole opportunity, and yetーー.

“ーーーー”

His hand, trembled. The depths of his eyelids called out to agony, his throat forgot respiration and ossified.
Raise it overhead, swing it down. An exceedingly easy action. The present Subaru, was unable to do that. His body would not move, as if he had forgotten how to move his body.

Subaru: “……Ah.”

Spilling out a husky sigh, the piece of rubble fell to the aisle’s floor, giving rise to a report.
Conceding defeat to that report and his powerless knees, Subaru crumbled down at that spot.

Subaru: “……No way.”

Can’t you even do something so simple, Natsuki Subaru.
Swinging down a weapon for the sake of making it easy for someone who was suffering and heading towards death, are you not capable of even that deceit.
Atonement of mere words, guilt which was merely an expedient, if that’s wrong then how would you explain this plight.

Echidna: “……Natsuki-kun.”

Subaru: “I, am……”

Echidna: “For helping, with suicide, you…… can’t even, clasp a stone……”

Raising her thin eyelids, powerless pale cerulean eyes looked at Subaru, who was knelt down, and whispered. Thinking that weak voice, akin to a sigh, had put Subaru’s weakness to blame, he halted breathing.
However, as Subaru drew back his body, Echidna unsuitably loosened her lips,

Echidna: “……Forgive me, for doubting you.”

Subaru: “ーーーー”

Echidna: “ーーーー”

As she lost her breath, she apologized.
Echidna, apologized to him. She apologized, for having doubted Natsuki Subaru.

ーーAnd before he could ascertain her true intent, she died.

Killing Meili and hiding her corpse, acting without saying that he had lost his memories, continuously piling up nothing but others’ doubts, escaping out of the ice cage he had been trapped in, unable to fulfill the wish entrusted onto him, protected by the young girl who tried to save his heart, and finally, unable to stain his hands with blood for the sake of the dying young girl, as Subaru knelt down in his own disgrace, Echidna apologized to him and died.

Subaru: “ーーーー”

He wanted to die.
He wanted to forget everything that had happened just now, and die.
He wanted the people all over the world to point their fingers towards Natsuki Subaru, saying that he deserved to die, and be sentenced to death penalty. Natsuki Subaru despaired upon oneself, that he had committed a sin befitting of that.

He, despaired.



※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※


Despair, feasted upon and eroded away Natsuki Subaru’s heart.

Subaru: “ーーーー”

He could not move. He had no right to move. Nothing good would happen even if he moved.
It had been proved. Natsuki Subaru had proved his own incompetenceーー no, calling it incompetence would be rather cute. Instead of that, furthermore, Natsuki Subaru had proved that he was a jinx, a pest, an angel of death.

Subaru: “ーーーー”

Should despair nest into one’s chest, kill one’s heart, what gets eaten to ruin even before one’s life is one’s soul.
If that happens, then no longer would it remain possible to stand up. No longer, would it be possible to fight against anyone. Should he realise that he himself was the genuine source of anguish without being able to defy it whatsoever, it was a natural consequence.

I want to disappear. I want to vanish.
Should’ve decided much earlier. Before things turned to this, in this different world. Should have known, must have known  before coming to a place like this different world.

Why, do you trouble other people’s hearts by simply existing.
There’s no way you could ever have the right to solely occupy a part of others’ hearts, no matter how small it may be. You filthy wall stain. You, an existence like the dust accumulated in the corner of a room, like the maggots which swarm over a pile of pure garbage, like a scar which never disappears located in an eye-catching spot.

Natsuki Subaru, why won’t you die.
Even after dying, all that awaits is redoing? Who decided that. Who made sure, that it would continue eternally. If once isn’t enough, then die ten times, die a hundred times

Die until you disappear.

Die until you vanish from anyone and everyone’s memories, until you’re no longer able to affect anything at all, until your name, your existence, your vestiges no longer remain in the hearts of anyone.

ーーI love you.

Shut up. Disappear. Erase me.

ーーI love you, I love you, I love you.

Keep quiet. Don’t talk to me. Don’t get in my way of disappearing. I want to disappear, just disappear.

ーーI love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you.

I want to die. I want to disappear. I want to be smashed to pieces. I don’t want to leave a single trace. I want to become something which never existed. I want to erase my existence. I want to disappear from history. I want to disappear from memories. I want to disappear from remembrances. I want to disappear even for the girl who said she won’t forget. I’m worthless. I’m meaningless. I won’t leave anything behind. I don’t have anything worthy of leaving behind. All, anything, everything, disappear, vanish away from this world.


ーーI love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you.


As despair ruled over his heart, the world surrounding him and everything else was concealed by the black shadow, the hollow confession of love was poured onto him ceaselessly as it drew near in order to bestow punishment upon the garbage which took the form of a crouched human.

Should he be swallowed within it, would he finally disappear.
Would he sink within nihility far greater than death. Would he really be abandoned within a convenient place, like a dark space which no eyes could ever reach.

If I can die there, then, I willーー.

I willーー,
Natsuki Subaru, headed towards the despair which seemingly painted out everythingーー,



???: “ーーThat’s as far as you go.”



ーーA voice, chimed.

A voice, akin to a silver bell, denying the end of this world, chimed.


Chapter 55
―The world was about to be painted in darkness.
Sitting down without any strength, the shadow stretched out its countless hands towards the motionless Subaru. Just like spirals, or a whirlpool, the pitch-black hands were trying to wrap Natsuki Subaru along with his soul into its clutches. The places where he was touched, like melting, like crumbling, like coming apart; he knew that his very being was going to go hollow.
But, strangely enough, he couldn’t feel anything unpleasant at all.
Subaru: 「――――」
His body was going to crumble as far as he could see, his very being was going to be overwritten, his soul was going to be churned up. Whilst it was infringing perhaps the greatest blasphemy that could be done to a living thing, Natsuki Subaru’s mind was quiet enough to say that he was at peace.
Though there too was the effects of having disappointed back then resting heavily in the depths of his heart. But, it wasn’t just that. Since it was just this shadow, its shadowy tendrils which were steadfast-true.
It was only this shadow that showed consideration for Natsuki Subaru’s emotions, who wanted to vanish and disappear even now.
I want to die. I want to vanish. I want to fall apart, I want to be trampled over, I want to be reduced to ashes, leaving nothing behind. Even if I am to revive over and over again, come erase my body down into ashes.
This black shadow would grant such a desirable prayer, this black shadow would grant what Subaru had earnestly cried out for.
―I love you.
Just repeating these words ad nauseum was irritating. Even if he plugged up his ears and closed his mind, she put her fingers in the gaps of his closed mind, and slid them in from the opened gaps, directly whispering her love.
―I love you. I love you. I love you.
Stop this, I am fed up. No matter how many times you repeat this, I god-damn know already. I… don’t love you. I… don’t love myself. I knew about being loved. I knew it all too well.
It was his parents. Both his mother and father loved Subaru from the depths of their heart. He knew that. As if he couldn’t know. And so, that’s why Subaru wanted to disappear. Despite being loved by his parents, he definitely couldn’t love himself which had no worth in being loved.
―I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you.
Stop it, give me a break. Enough already. No matter how many times you repeat this, you can’t get anything more than this. I came to this conclusion a while ago already. I knew it. And despite knowing, I just turned my eyes away from it.
The people who were concerned about Subaru for dear life, with such desperation, all of them couldn’t be bad people. He knew that. He couldn’t not know that. So, Subaru should have just died. He should have endeavoured to not be illuminated by the compassion of those bothered by Subaru’s very existence.
―I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you.
Stop it, I said I know. If I endure this torture until the end, will you grant my wish? Will you swallow me and break me and pulverise me, and erase me into oblivion, so that I may never presume on another ever again? If you can do that― if you can do that, I will accept it. I want to accept it. If this is the end.
If this could be made into the end, then Natsuki Subaru, even if he would disappear…
―I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you.
???: 「That’s as far as you’ll go!」
I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you.
――
――――
―――――――――
A voice… chimed.
It seemed just like the confession of love that was being whispered endlessly into his ears. A voice reminiscent of a silver bell rose up, piercing through the confessions of love that were painting over Natsuki Subaru’s existence and the world itself. It pierced right through and reached down towards Subaru.
Subaru: 「――――」
A light gushed out. It pierced right into the pitch-black shadowy appendages that had tried to swallow up Subaru. A shockwave broke out, the hand that had received the direct hit snapped off and was torn away, but that was just one from a countless number of them. It was just one amongst thousands that had been cut down, that effort meant absolutely nothing to the hostility coming from that enormous, powerful mass of shadows. But even so, the person who let loose that blow stepped forward with determination, dodging, evading, avoiding the evil arms of the shadow that were launched towards them, with exceptional agility. And then,
???:「―Subaru!」
Subaru: 「―hk」
Calling out the Subaru’s name as he sat slumped down, the owner of the voice that was ever so reminiscent of a silver bell grasped his feeble hand. Subaru’s body was pulled up abruptly and she took him away from that spot with all of her strength. As if to say she wouldn’t let them do that, the shadow stretched out its arms, blocking their front and rear, trying to block off both their path forwards and their path of escape. However, even with that obstacle in front of their eyes, her legs went forwards without stopping.
???:「…Ryaa!!」
One hand gripping Subaru’s own, sticking out her free hand, a dazzling light was born there. And immediately afterwards, a beautiful crystal of ice appeared, shining brightly― it was the very same kind as that of the ice cage which had kept Subaru confined. It was a mesmerising, valiant riposte of ice.
She smashed down the pitch-black tendrils that had expanded so to make a wall in front of them and forcibly wrenched open their path. Witnessing the instant of the shadow being washed away, Subaru, who had harboured the impression that the strange shadow would swallow everything in its path, could only feel that the heart which he’d thought would remain forever unbeating had started to tremble again.
And, as his then frozen heart started to stir, his eyes also turned to face the beautiful face right beside him. The long silver hair of the girl glittered like the moonlight as she held Subaru’s hand whilst looking straight in front, taking him along, running away.
Though her survival was also confirmed, in his heart, he was not excited by this. Quite the opposite in fact, in the depths of Subaru’s skull, he felt like something was going to crack.
Of course he couldn’t be delighted by his survival. The people he had made sure were alive, Julius, Beatrice, Echidna, he had let them all die. Though he hadn’t seen the end with his own eyes, he can only imagine that things went south with what happened when he left Julius behind down with the Witch Beasts and Reid. Beatrice was blown to smithereens protecting Subaru, and he couldn’t even ease Echidna’s suffering whilst she was on the brink of death.
Natsuki Subaru was pestilence personified. Death was intrinsic to his very being. As his own death was shaped into nothingness, correspondingly, he imposed that misfortune upon everyone around him, he was such a being, that couldn’t help but conjure to mind such a ridiculous metaphor, its poster-child ensconced in such a pitch black fate―
Subaru: 「―Enough already」
Emilia: 「Huh?」
Subaru: 「I said there’s no use even struggling on anymore」
Subaru forcibly stopped moving his feet, struggling against Emilia pulling him along by his arm. And still, Emilia tried to pull Subaru’s arm, though Subaru now possessing grit determination did not allow this. Although the disparity in their strength was evident, Subaru’s determination still remained steadfast. As if noticing that dark urge from the depths of his dark irises, Emilia let out a gulp and stopped pulling his arm with all her strength.
Emilia: 「――――」
The two of them, Subaru and Emilia were at a standoff. Both of them were staring at each other. Looking around at their surroundings, there were no signs of the shadow that had tried to engulf Subaru. Had he shook it off him when he had escaped together with Emilia? If that’s the case, then wouldn’t they still come across it again if they turned back? It seemed as if that thing was the best way of completely erasing Natsuki Subaru.
Subaru: 「Why did you come and save me? You must be out of your mind. You thought I was a fake as well… So you could have just locked me in that ice cage and tried to kill me.」
These words were purposefully deceptive, twisting the truth at will, each word spoken maliciously opening more wounds. So as to never think, that Emilia would once again take his hand.
However, to Emilia, who saw only the truth when she looked, Subaru’s despicable tactic was futile. Her eyes narrowed in anger, and she raised her voice at Subaru.
Emilia:「I am not trying to kill you! I just wanted to hear your side of the story, as there was something unusual about you. And since you hadn’t told us about your missing memories, we…」
Subaru:「And what of it! That may’ve been just something for my own convenience! Did you believe it that easily!? You sure look stupid. You’ve gone crazy! You, Julius, and Beatrice!」
He had been locked up in the ice cage, and he had told them the truth about having amnesia as if he had been in desperation. No one who possessed the ability to think should have believed such words. Ram and Echidna’s attitude was the correct one. And yet, despite that, more than half of the others were stupid.
Subaru:「No, NO… Everyone’s stupid. In the end… with things like this, in the end, even Echidna apologised to me… I don’t get it!]
Emilia: 「In the end, Echidna…? Subaru, what happened? Are Echidna and the others…」
Emilia begun to ask that question to Subaru who was muttering and groaning with his face covered by his own hands. Even with how worried she looked, he would be digging his nails into that beautiful girl’s heart. It was because of that that Subaru was letting all of his own emotional scars as if made of glass.
Even her lifeblood had bled out, leaving behind only an expression of fragility, a feeling that keeping those existences which matter from feeling pain would be a blessing, achieving only such a heart wrenching, desolate desire, in the figure of a young girl who’d lost her life. As the thoughts revived back in his mind, Subaru let out a scream in an attempt to let the wounds he had in the depths of his heart spread open.
Subaru:「Dead!　Echidna is dead! Both of her legs were blown off, and she bled out in pain… in short, she died in anguish! Beatrice as well!」
Emilia:「―hk」
Subaru: 「She even… protected me… What an absurd thing… cutting off its own tail…If only I’d noticed earlier… but I didn’t, and so she died. She said she wouldn’t forget me…」
Even if Subaru had forgotten, Beatrice would not forget. Beatrice had firmly declared that she would help Subaru regain his memories without fail. But, she had perished… straight after she had said that.
It was all bark and no bite. Words are wind. And immediately after she had spoken this, she had kept Subaru away from death. And with a face full of relief, she had vanished from this world.
Subaru:「If she was going to disappear like that, I should have stopped her. I took her out? I took her away? Whatever, how it happened doesn’t matter. At any rate, if I took her from anywhere other than here, I never should have. If I hadn’t, then…」
Then things wouldn’t have ended with her meeting that fate, vanishing with that expression on her face.
Subaru:「That’s right, that Julius guy too. Surely, around about now, he must already be… in a place with so many scary Witch Beasts… and with that Reid guy inconveniencing him… and then being all like “Go, please”… What idiocy.」
Everyone here is an idiot. What on earth were they expecting? Entreating, taking back, having apologised for doubting him, what on earth were they spouting out?
What would become of their request? What would the meaning be in taking them back? Wasn’t it natural for them to doubt him? Natsuki Subaru was here because he betrayed everything that hung over him. Survive and have some peace and quiet alone; since that was unbearable, he wanted to disappear and die.
He was the most idiotic, stupid, utterly helpless, he couldn’t save anything―
If those weren’t Natsuki Subaru, then just what would they be―
Emilia: 「―Me and Subaru met for the first time at a place called the Loot House in the Royal Capital」
――
――――
――――――――
Subaru:「――――」
Subaru had sunk to a bottomless swamp of self-blame and self-doubt with no escape; he couldn’t even move his own body. Emilia’s sudden confession had made Subaru’s eardrums throb― her words came out as if it was bringing fond, precious, nostalgic memories back to her.
Subaru:「… Huh?」
Subaru was dumbfounded, all he could do was let go of his breath in his lungs when he received those words with no context so suddenly. In no way was this meant to scorn or mock Emilia’s sudden actions. Subaru’s consciousness simply couldn’t keep up to that degree, and was genuinely stunned into silence. And yet, Emilia ignored his reaction, proffering down a finger as she allowed more memories to resurface.
Emilia:「Back then, Felt-chan stole a reaaaally important insignia from me. I was in a mad rush with Puck to try and get it back. And then, after we pursued her, we fought against Meili’s onee-san… we were in grave danger, but Reinhardt came to save us. And after that, just as I breathed a sigh of relief, Meili’s onee-san went straight for me…. Subaru saved me from that.」
Subaru:「――――」
Emilia: 「That was when I first met with Subaru… Don’t you remember it?」
Hearing her question, Subaru shook his head. Even though she had recited those memories in detail, he had no knowledge of even a small bit of what she had said. It was to be expected of course. Those were the memories of Emilia and『Natsuki Subaru.』No matter what, those were bits of memories spun by 『Natsuki Subaru』, who kept behaving in ways unimaginable to him―
Emilia: 「But, Subaru protected me causing him serious injuries, so I brought you back with me to Roswaal’s mansion. And there, whilst she complained, Beatrice treated your wounds. Ram and… surely even Rem got on well with Subaru.」
Subaru:「――――」
Emilia: 「And then, without her onee-san, Meili acted wickedly and spurred on the attack of some Witch Beasts. Subaru and Ram held them back until Roswaal finished them off… I was staying in the mansion, it was when you’d also promised to take me on a “daaayte”… don’t you remember it?」
Subaru:「――――」
He shook his head. He didn’t remember it. He hadn’t ever done such things. He never had.
Emilia: 「And y’know we did so many things in the mansion. We made mayonnaise, we drank alcohol with everyone, Puck made it snow, we played the “King Gaaayme”… and after that, I was called to the Royal Capital for the Royal selection, right?」
Subaru:「――――」
Emilia:「It was also the first time I ever had a big fight with Subaru. I didn’t want to hurt Subaru anymore, nor make you overdo things, and I was scared and didn’t understand why you were so kind to me. So, I thought that everything would’ve come to an end when we fought…」
As she recounted these memories, Emilia’s voice started to faintly tremble. There was a mixture of joy and sorrow, anxiety and expectation; various conflicting emotions. Subaru was assailed by a feeling of being completely parched.
Unbearable, unbearable, unbearable was this yearning scorching his chest. For the sake of Emilia revealing this expression in its entirety― no, for this single reason, that yearning was unbearable.
Emilia:「I didn’t understand what was happening, at the time I was being swept away by the uneasy situation, and then Subaru came running back to me when I was my most depressed, and after that…」
Subaru:「――――」
Emilia: 「And after that, what was it that you said?… Do you remember it?」
Subaru:「I don…」
I don’t remember. It didn’t come out. They really weren’t going to come out. The trembling of Emilia’s voice, her appeal, her echoing voice that clung onto him, all of these made it evident.
The Subaru that was here now was not the『Natsuki Subaru』that she wanted. Having this obvious fact thrust before him, Subaru broiled in envy and jealousy towards himself.
Why is it you,『Natsuki Subaru?』You and I, why are we so different,『Natsuki Subaru?』
Emilia, and everyone thought like this. Return the real『Natsuki Subaru.』The you, the Natsuki Subaru right now, just drop dead. For how much longer will it be you the one present in this place?
Such should be what they were thinking, hurting, suffering, lamenting. And yet――
Emilia:「―But, I remember everything. I remember what Subaru promised me, and what Subaru told me, and what Subaru has done. I remember everything.」
Joy and hope were lodged in that smile, so that both sadness and anxiety would never have been there. Seeing Emilia’s smile, Subaru’s lips trembled.
There was… nothing. It was… nowhere. Everything he had said, everything he had done, everything he had promised. Inside of this body, inside of this head, inside of this heart, at the depths of his soul, there was nothing. And so he said―
Subaru:「I don’t remember. I don’t even remember it. Who are you… who are you! Who are you all! WHO ARE YOU ALL TALKING ABOUT!?」
He exploded. Some time ago, with Beatrice and Echidna, he had let himself burst into a fit of emotions, and once again, he also shouted this here.
Emilia:「――――」
Faced with his bellow, Emilia widened her amethyst eyes. All the while still gazing at her, Subaru rapidly blinked his eyes, clearing away the hot tears that had welled up there, with an even dirtier voice which strove to preserve a malicious tone, he continued to bellow,
Subaru: 「Putting your life on the line for someone else’s sake! Springing into action straight away for someone else’s sake! Running so to give it your all for someone else’s sake! Accomplishing something by risking my life for someone else’s sake! Can there be such things!? Can I do such things!?」
To hear all of Emilia’s recollections, and reply that he couldn’t remember. Unable to answer Beatrice’s question before she vanished, still bearing that regret in his heart, he’d listen to Emilia gently, almost convincingly, talk about her memories.
Julius entrusted in him, Beatrice believed in him, Echidna forgave him, Emilia desired him. All of that for『Natsuki Subaru.』The one that had been summoned to this parallel world, the real him―,
Subaru:「―Don’t joke about! Such a guy cannot be Natsuki Subaru!」
There was no way that someone could entrust their wishes to Natsuki Subaru.
Subaru:「I know all too well! About how pathetic, and disgusting, and helpless, and what a rotten bastard Natsuki Subaru is!」
There was no way that anyone could believe in Natsuki Subaru, in his heart.
Subaru:「Who are you actually looking at!? What are you talking about!? Such a guy is nowhere to be seen! Everything is a downright lie! The things that guy showed, the things that guy said, everythingeverything! It was just random crap that he spouted out from his mouth! There isn’t any value in believing in it!」
There was no way that someone could pardon Natsuki Subaru from his sins.
Subaru:「You think there’s any value in Natsuki Subaru!? Natsuki Subaru is scum! He’s a useless rotten bastard! I know this better than anyone else!!」
Like hell anyone would want Natsuki Subaru to be along with them.
Subaru: 「――――」
There was no worth. There was no worth or anything to be desired anywhere. Natsuki Subaru was pestilence personified. No matter whom it may be, everything just amounted to wounds, loss and death. Thus, let’s end it.
Emilia, and everyone else needed not get hurt anymore because of that guy.
Subaru:「…It doesn’t have to be… me.」
He merely did mutter those words. It didn’t have to be himself― No, it’d be way better if it wasn’t Natsuki Subaru. Why did they entrust things to a man who couldn’t do anything. Why did they believe in him. Why did they forgive him. Why did they desire him. There should be more ways for them to manage things better. There should be someone else to help them manage things better.
Even if that someone was the『Natsuki Subaru』that everyone wished for, he was nowhere to be found anymore.『Natsuki Subaru』was a pretence that he never possessed from the beginning. A vain being.
Subaru:「Someone like me, just disregard and toss me away. Someone smarter than me, someone stronger than me will turn up. I am…」
He said that he couldn’t do anything. It was just this sense of sheer helplessness that overwhelmed Natsuki Subaru.
Everyone has their lot in life. One appropriate to them. He wanted everyone to understand that. Subaru was unqualified to walk next to Emilia and the others. He was unqualified to be desired by them. He was neither strong nor smart. They needed not desire to have such a Subaru around. Therefore he would―
Emilia:「―My name is Emilia. Just Emilia.」
Subaru:「―Huh?」
Having spat out his sheer sense of helplessness, with his heart dominated by the things he wanted to spit out as he spiralled towards hollowness, the bell-like voice rang out, like a surprise attack, causing him to let out a sound.
Subaru: 「――――」
He didn’t understand the meaning of those words. ―No, not the meaning. It was her intention that he didn’t understand. Lifting his head up, Subaru looked at the person who had introduced herself as Emilia standing right in front of him. She had her hand on top of her ample chest. Within her big, round, amethyst eyes, Subaru could see his own figure reflected, his breath was taken away by their shimmer. Emilia continued on with her speech, right in front of Subaru.
Emilia:「There are so many things I have to tell you, and so many things I have to ask you. Many many many things. But, right now I have to hear just one thing.」
Subaru:「――――」
Emilia:「Julius, Beatrice, and Echidna. And now, I’ve taken you by the hand… by running away together… I wanted to protect you at any cost… I didn’t want you to die… so by doing that…」
Emilia closed her eyes, and plunged into thought, full of emotion. After a few seconds, she broke off her speech. He could see that various emotions were coursing through her chest. These even included her feelings of anxiety for her companions who weren’t here. Emilia’s cherry blossom lips quivered with those emotions fresh in her mind,
Emilia:「You, who have made us feel that way, who are you?」
Subaru:「――――」
Emilia: 「Please. ―Let me hear your name.」
At Emilia’s question, the very depths of his heart shook within his chest. The manifestation of her intentions weren’t to deny the Natsuki Subaru in front of her eyes or to recover the old Subaru.
―They were an affirmation of Natsuki Subaru.
Subaru:「――――」
The one before us is a fake, return the real Natsuki Subaru to us, words along those lines, behavior along those lines, resentment along those lines, would have been easier to bear. Because, it was nothing other than something Subaru had desired himself.
He still preferred the side of those who said that his self-standing in front of their eyes was a fake, that they wanted him to return Natsuki Subaru, the ones who said that to him, the ones who wished that from him, the ones who tormented him with that, he still preferred their side.
But, it was Emilia that―, No, not just her. Up until here, everyone who had spoken to Natsuki Subaru had implored the same thing.
Irrespective of whether he was strong or weak. Thus, even if he let himself be seen so shamefully, and couldn’t help forgetting everything, he still hadn’t changed. By their words, by their behaviour, by their life, they showed their need for Natsuki Subaru―
Subaru: 「…Why?」
Emilia: 「――――」
Subaru: 「Why are you here, Natsuki Subaru? What can that guy do? What do you expect from him…?」
He didn’t understand it. In this… In just this overwhelming despair, in their helpless numerical inferiority, what would happen if Natsuki Subaru was there? In what way would the situation improve? Could they break through this?
Subaru:「A weak, dumb, miserable, spineless guy… what do you even see in him?」
Emilia:「―Maybe it’s as you say.」
Emilia cast her eyes down at Subaru entreating her with this rather than denying, shaking her head begrudgingly. Her eyes were bordered by long eyelashes, her voice ever so reminiscent of a silver bell tickled his heart; everything about Emilia seemed to be a linchpin that tied Natsuki Subaru to this world. Yet despite that out-of-place, powerful emotion, certainly one connected to Subaru’s own heart, Emilia continued.
Emilia:「There are plenty of people stronger than Subaru, and surely there are many people smarter than Subaru. But, I prefer to be with you, Subaru, no matter what time. I believe that Subaru will do so for me, thus do I wish. After all…」
Subaru:「――――」
Emilia:「After all, If you’re going to help me anyways, having it be―― someone I like, would make me so so much happier than someone who just does it because they’re there and can.」
And, whilst smiling, Emilia said this. Whilst smiling and with her cheeks slightly blushing, she said this.
Subaru:「――――」
Subaru took a breath, as if gasping. Having received Emilia’s words, in that instant, surely all time had stopped within his body. With a bad-um, bad-um, he could feel his heart pounding. And at the same time in which his feelings had boiled up from with him, another emotion rose up; it was scorn towards『Natsuki Subaru.』
Subaru:「―Hah」
I see,『Natsuki Subaru.』Did you fall in love with this beautiful girl? Someone who is probably way out of my league. As if such a young woman would even give him the time of the day.
Such a cool knight, such a wise woman, such a sweet little girl. And finally, such a beautiful girl right in front of his eyes.
Entrusting to you, believing in you, forgiving you, wishing it were you. Not asking you to be a savior, nor even expecting you to be a savior, merely, if those staggering walls had to be crossed, rather than someone capable, just wishing it were you.
Emilia:「―My name is Emilia. Just Emilia.」
Once again, Emilia gave the silent Subaru her name. She looked over to him with her amethyst eyes. Subaru’s dark-brown eyes gazed back at those eyes right in front of him. And then,
Emilia:「―Please. Let me hear your name.」
Subaru: 「I am…」
He hesitated forming his words, hearing Emilia’s question once again.
He had denied it over and over again. He couldn’t do it. He couldn’t do it. He couldn’t be it. He had repeatedly denied it. So, this was surely nothing more than convenient wordplay.
―Entrusted, believed in, forgiven, desired.
In this desert’s tower, what if there were the qualifications to be treated like that by them.
In this desert’s tower, what if there was someone that could save Emilia and the others.
If that was『Natsuki Subaru』, then if that『Natsuki Subaru』was nowhere to be found…
Subaru:「―My name is… Natsuki Subaru.」
Emilia:「――――」
Subaru:「Entrusted by Julius, believed in by Beatrice, forgiven by Echidna, desired by Emilia… by you. If that man’s name is Natsuki Subaru, then…」
The black haired boy answered the young woman with the glimmering silver hair, staring with his dark-brown eyes into her amethyst ones. To the question that had quivered from her cherry blossom lips, his blood-stained lips answered back.
Subaru:「I AM NATSUKI SUBARU.」
Right now, feeble, without strength, mind and body wracked by despair, but still he declared it. For Emilia, for Emilia and everyone else, for you, for you and everyone else, for their safety, for peace and quiet, thus did he wish; thus did he implore.
Emilia:「――――」
Subaru strongly declared it. In his heart, he hadn’t fully wiped away the pieces of distrust towards『Natsuki Subaru.』. Even now, the one that caused『his』death hadn’t left Subaru’s mind―No, not his death, Meili’s. The face and voice of that wicked man. Mayhaps the time where it would be wiped away would never come.
But, it’s okay. Even so, it’s okay. It’s not like he wanted to be saved. It’s not like he would cling on them, wishing to be saved either.
I want you all to be saved, he thought. I want to help you all, he implored.
―If that can be done by『Natsuki Subaru』then I will do it.
The reason you started running, the destination you set out for better be the same. So long as the road envisioned is the same, then we’re just bitter enemies in the same boat, even if I hate you, I will not complain.
Let me, let『Natsuki Subaru』save Emilia and the others.
Subaru:「Thank you, Emilia. ―You made me believe in that.」
Emilia:「…Subaru, I am―」
With Subaru’s reply, ripples rose within Emilia’s amethyst eyes. Her lips quivering, Emilia started to somehow string together some words towards Subaru who had defined himself as such. And just after that,
Subaru:「―hk」
Up until then, nothing had disturbed the two of them talking. The situation which had until now remained peaceful, cracked in an instant.
Subaru:「―Emilia!」
Near them, the aisleway where the two had been conversing was in a flash crushed and pulverised by a shadow. The aisleway lost its shape, and Emilia, losing her balance, lost her footing. Facing her, Subaru who had barely clung onto his foothold strongly kicked against the floor.
At that moment, the tower lost its shape, smashed up and weathered. Perishing next to lumps of stone cladded in the aroma of sand. Subaru immediately dived towards Emilia who had started to fall. The distance shrunk, catching up to her silver hair still lingering above, and finally he closed his arms around her slender body.
Emilia:「Subaru…!」
As he clutched her slender, soft, warm body, Emilia stirred, calling out Subaru’s name. She was probably trying to change her position in his arms, trying to put herself lower. And because of that, the one that helped and the one that had been helped reversed. Emilia, and everyone else were truly nuts. But alas, Emilia’s effort had been completely useless in this situation.
Emilia, with her back to the ground, unable to see where she was falling to, probably didn’t get the swing of things. It was neither the hard floor of the tower, nor the sprawling sand dunes outside that would come to meet Subaru and her. It would be the pitch-black shadows wrapping this tower that would lead to the end of everything.
So, the two of them would end up being swallowed by the shadow whilst embracing each other just like that.
―No, the opposite.
This surely would become the beginning. That which they’d started once, he would start once again right here, from the end, anew.
For that reason, he would make a promise. Right here, in this world, in this place, he would make the words he exchanged with Emilia real.
Having been saved, having wished of wanting to save them. Let’s start from the end, holding all of that. The time for sputtering and babbling was over.
Infatuation like a curse is nice, isn’t it? It’s what I always wanted.
He didn’t know whether Natsuki Subaru was worthy of being loved. But, since the requirements needed to be loved by Emilia, by Emilia and everyone else were there
Even if they still forget, even if they… even if they don’t remember the words you told me, in this ending world, in this world beginning anew.
Even if they still forget, even if they… even if they don’t remember the words that I struck in you all, in this ending world, in this world beginning anew.
I will remember. I will remember everything. Because even now, even if I have to cling onto them, I will not forget them.
Subaru:「Even if you forget ―I will not forget any of you.」
―Always remember, Natsuki Subaru.
The shadow drew ever closer, its darkness engulfing Emilia and Subaru. Just like that, Emilia… and Natsuki Subaru were sinking, sinking towards the depths of the shadows.
Metempsychosis, everything was coming apart, everything was becoming zero, the end was coming as expected. And, it began in the place where everything became zero.
―A battle to kill Natsuki Subaru and bring back『Natsuki Subaru.』.

※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※


Chapter 56
ーーBlack, murky, distant, dense, deep, weighty, bitter darkness was what was present.

“ーーーー”

Coarsely, like all things negative of this world were being blended into a heterogeneous mixture, he felt such cumbrous, choking darkness thickly coiling upon his entire body.
His face, his body, his limbs, his supposed skin were all corrupted by that darkness, and oozily it soaked into his blood, and accompanying that was a sense of discomfort as if calling upon his thirst.

Imaginable or not, it felt as if all leftover parts of his body were covered with scabs.
His skin became taut, and the feeling of it not even feeling like the skin of a human upon touch reversed, for the fingers that would touch the scabs were covered with scabs themselves, and he lost understanding of the form of his true『Self』.

ーーNo, what he truly couldn’t understand, was not merely his outward appearance.

“ーーーー”

Something further in the interior, as if his essence.
Otherwise what should likely be named as his『Soul』.

Losing its form, the state of his own『Soul』, at the end of the repetition of this sheerly hopeless straying, he felt as if fingers were coming into view from those fragments.
As his reaction to those appearing fingers was covered in scabs as aforementioned, rendered futile, perhaps it could be said to be merely uneasiness and something greater, repugnance. As if they things someone could possibly grasp.

“ーーーー”

Was the『Self』he seeked, truly present ahead.
Before he was pulled in, the moment he had reached here, didn’t a completely new self of his take shape.
Though it was queer imagination, it was not something completely implausible. The truth is, the happenings within his body gave a sudden sense of abruptness inclined towards that, and brought about impracticality.
Grasping that as his own affair, accepting the trial which posed in front of him, he seeked the spectacle which lay ahead of overcoming it. ーーFor just that, just how much time had he devoted.

“ーーーー”

That is why, he felt a heavy sense of uneasiness.
Should he really go ahead of this point. Was the place in which he would be received, accepted, seeked, truly there.

Entrustment, forgiveness, faith, wishing, his『Self』which had engaged in all those, was it truly present there.


『ーーI love you.』


ーーSuch incomparable uneasiness, was melted by the voice which felt as if it was leading the way, and fading away.

“ーーーー”

ーーWhite, bright, tall, precious, beautiful, sweet, light was what he faced.

And that soul was, Natsuki Subaru wasーー.



※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※


Upon that moment, Natsuki Subaru revived and reawakened his consciousness from the deepest of slumbers.

Subaru: “ーーAh.”

A weak sigh spilled out of his mouth at first.
It was his own voice, though husky and lacking life. But with this, he understood he had not been rendered mentally to a point where he would no longer be able to even speak.
This made for a single step forward. As for the rest, he must confirm that he had not been reset to a person with entirely an different sense of valuesーー,

???: “ーーAre you awake, Subaru?”
Subaru: “――――”
The chime of a silver bell had been observing Subaru’s ear and forehead from the side, immediately close to him.
A chime refreshing, kind, peaceful and loveable.

The voice he had heard just a few moments ago whilst in a terrible condition.
His heart bounced upon hearing it now. With his chest hurting him, Subaru slowly turned sideward.

“ーーーー”

ーーWhat awaited there was an amethyst glimmer, with eyes dyed in concern.

Subaru: “……Emi, lia?”

Emilia: “Yeah, that’s right. Subaru, are you okay? Can you get up? Are you able to speak properly?”

Subaru: “Um……”

With her name called to her, the possessor of the amethyst eyesーー Emilia wet her lips and tilted her head. Beautiful long silver hair flowed down her white shoulders. It seemed like the glow of the moon was swimming gracefully within light, her heroic beauty scorched Subaru’s heart.

ーーFrankly speaking, there stood a girl too beautiful to think that she was of this world.

Subaru: “Wah……”

The moment he grew conscious of that, Subaru’s blood flow rejuvenated with great vigour.
His face grew warmer, his face became redder, as he darted his eyes in all directions, rendered unable to raise his voice. Blushing so intensely that his ears nearly started hurting, he spilled out a voice saying “Ahaha, ahaha……”

Emilia: “Ahaha……?”

Surprised by his antics, Emilia furrowed her finely-shaped eyebrows. Even the slightest of her gestures seemed like a work of art painted with extreme detail by the artist.
Witnessing this from a distance where they could feel each other’s breaths, Subaru suffered with a rapid increase of heart rate.

“ーーーー”

What’s this. Just what was this.
Is this real. Isn’t this a mirage or an illusion. Speaking of mirages in the middle of a desert, that would be an oasisーー in other words, what you see at that moment is what you desire the most.
Then in accordance with that rule, this definitely should be a mirage. What an extravagant illusionーー,

Emilia: “A-Are you okay, Subaru? Something’s wrong after all. You were collapsed, after all.”

Subaru: “Bah!”

Emilia: “See, you just said bah!”

Subaru was caught up in a vortex of confusion, as the reversed palm on his forehead trembled.
Upon witnessing that, Emilia blinked her twinkling eyes to confirm Subaru’s possible injuries, as Subaru was denied his “Emilia illusion” whilst he tasted seriousness like that of the scholar who disproved the Ptolemaic theory.

However, he certainly did feel the sensation of contact. Reality affirmed her existence.
And not only did it affirm that Emilia truly existed, but also that his self was Natsuki Subaru.
And above allーー,

???: “ーーWhat’s with this conversing while ignoring Betty, stop it, I suppose. Geez, it isn’t just Emilia who’s worried, in fact.”

Subaru: “ーー~hk.”

Opposite to Emilia, a young voice, seemingly displead, echoed and turned around.
He leapt towards the turned figure, who belonged to a young girl with puffed up cheeks.

Subaru: “Beatrice……”

Beatrice: “That’s quite the low voice, I suppose…… as if you can’t believe Betty is here, your expression speaks the same, in fact.”

Accepting the faint call, Beatrice relaxed her furrowed eyebrows. Though her words were harsh, her voice had a tint of concern and relief.
The relief for Subaru waking up, and the concern for Subaru collapsing. Giving that impression, Beatrice’s attitudeーー no, her entire existence jolted Subaru’s heart.
In other wordsーー,

Beatrice: “Nyah!?”

Grabbing Beatrice’s figure, Subaru immediately pulled her light body towards his chest. Light. Her body was truly light.
Unable to resist upon his sudden action, Beatrice was completely engulfed within Subaru’s arms as her eyes encircled. Atop the emerald bed covered with vines and creepers, with all his strength Subaru confirmed her existence.

Subaru: “Beatrice, Beatrice, Beatri~ce!”

Beatrice: “W-W-W-What, I suppose!? What happened, in fact!? This is too sudden!”

Subaru: “You, you…… you really, have such a calming face! Cuteness that’s seemingly welcoming someone back to his parents’ home. I’ll fall for you.”

Beatrice: “What, that better not be a compliment, in fact!?”

Hugging her and viewing Beatrice’s face, Subaru said earnestly. Becoming redder due to his actions and words, Beatrice put her palm on Subaru’s face with strength.
As the young girl’s tiny fingers touched his cheek and ear, whilst tasting cute pain, Subaru truly felt the existence of the young girl named Beatrice with certainty.

Emilia: “Geez! Subaru, don’t start fooling around immediately after waking up! We don’t even know why you collapsed, yet……”

Feeling slightly left out, so spoke Emilia sharply towards Subaru, who was busy hugging Beatrice.
Concerned for Subaru’s body, Emilia tried to grab his shoulder, but then stopped.

Emilia: “ーーSubaru?”

Emilia, tinted with more of concern than rage. The emotions blended within her voice changed into a single shade of worry. Her eyes, painted with surprise, were looking at Subaru whom she had tried to grasp.
The shoulder of Subaru, who was faintly trembling, and crying.

Subaru: “……Uhm, kh.”

Beatrice: “Subaru? Subaru, what happened, I suppose? Betty is right here, in fact. It’s alright, it’s alright, I suppose. You don’t have to cry, in fact.”

Noticing Subaru’s state, who let out a faint wail from his throat and wept, Beatrice erased the colour of chaos from her face entirely and caressed Subaru’s cheek, which was stained with tears.
His faintly trembling hands, were trying to release Beatrice’s young, petite body. Beatrice understood, that anxiety and fear was the cause of that.

Henceforth, Beatrice gently called out to his heart.
That he doesn’t have to cry. That he is alright. That she is right there.

Emilia: “Stop crying, Subaru. You don’t have to rush. Slowly, take a deep breath, calm down. Beatrice and I, are both right here with you.”

Just like Beatrice, Emilia consoled Subaru on top of the bed.
Her hand, which had earlier halted in hesitation, now touched Subaru’s shoulder, Emilia’s voice, like the chime of a silver bell, respected Subaru’s actions and determinations.

“ーーーー”

The two’s existences and ways did not change.
The sublime two did not change, even within a world where everything had been brought to ruin, where everything had been lost irrecoverably, they still gave precedence to others, to Subaru instead of themselves even whilst they stood at the door of death.

Having confirmed that, having recognised that, this time for sure, he shall work to push through.
Natsuki Subaru, in order to regain everything as『Natsuki Subaru』ーー,

Subaru: “I’ve, returned.”

A crying voice accompanied with a disheveled attitude, though he had been in other situations which could not have been more pathetic, more disgraceful.

ーーNatsuki Subaru commenced a new loop in order to rescue everything.



※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※


Subaru: “And so, it seems that I actually lost my memories in the library of『Taygeta』. I get that this may not mesh well for everyone in a lot of ways and thus quite a problem, but please understand.”

“ーーーー”

On the breakfast table, Subaru courteously bowed his head down before all of his comrades, who were sitting in a circle.
Such explosive words of Subaru’s triggered all kinds of reactions amongst everyone. Even so, the most prominent of them was confusion, mayhem or grief had seemingly been postponed to later.

Emilia: “Everyone is rea~lly worried for Subaru. But, Subaru is utmost worried for us so……”

Ram: “……Emilia-sama may say so, but.”

By Subaru’s side, Emilia followed up with a concerned yet understanding expression.
However, Emilia’s words were viewed sceptically by Ram. She folded her own arms and glared at Subaru with her light crimson eyes,

Ram: “Ram doesn’t see that Barusu is the one who’s utmost worried. Rather, Barusu, what is this farce.”

Subaru: “It’s not a farce. I’m speaking my heart out about my concern and the truth rea~lly honestly. My chest is about to burst from the idea of being stubborn and not telling about it, considering the tragedy that brings.”

“ーーーー”

Ram’s glare became increasingly suspicious upon Subaru’s response, as he answered with a grim expression.
Emilia made a hurried response to the two’s severe exchange, having heard the situation moments beforehand in the Green Room. Upon hearing about his『Amnesia』, Emilia and Beatrice were astonished but accepted it with concern for Subaru’s safetyーー the sequence followed the footsteps of what had happened previously this time as well, and he had asked her to provide backup to him whilst he opened his heart out.

ーーRetiring from that previously horrible environment, Natsuki Subaru now broke into an entirely new environment.

Should it be said in a stylish manner, he had determined his resolve to start life in the different world from zero once again, but of course the actual circumstance was nothing so wonderful.
It’s good that he has resolved, but at that moment wherein he wished for『Death』, it’s possible that could’ve been the end for him.

Without that happening to him, and now having gotten a chance to commence again thanks to『Return by Death』like this, in all honesty, the relief and gratitude he felt now was insuppressible. ーーHowever, he had no intention to rely on it.

The power of『Return by Death』which resided within Subaru’s body, was an immense power which distorted fate itself.
Though『Death』being its trigger was rough on Subaru, the user, but should it be considered compensation for distorting fate then this would be nothing less than appropriate.

A form of compensationーー yes, Subaru thought of『Death』as naught but a form of compensation.
It’s natural that a power so great would need to be compensated in some form. Of course, Subaru assumed that that was naturally the case with his『Return by Death』as well.

A limit on the frequency, or perhaps a need to sacrifice something upon recovering.
Subaru did not believe that the goddess of fate would indulge him so much as to grant him an infinite number of trials. The only experience he had of being loved by someone would only be loved by his parents, that would be the only case he could say so confidently.

But in that case, the trials and errors for acquiring the knowledge of the limit of『Return by Death』ーー piling up『Deaths』by his own choice would not be what he would normally choose for. It would not be strange whatsoever if this was his last chance.
And if it followed the pattern of sacrificing something, what’s common is to give up on a valuable existence or cherished remembrances.
Unfortunately, for the amnesiac Subaru the only valuable existences he had except for his family in the world he was formerly in, were only Emilia and the others who are also with him in the tower.

And when he thought that farーー,

Subaru: “No way, the disappearance of my memories better not be a compensation for『Return by Death』.”

Though frightening to even think of, it was fairly possible. Sacrificing memories as compensation for『Return by Death』. Quite a vicious idea, but『Return by Death』itself was not a good act to engage in in the first place.
What was utmost frightening was that there was no way to confirm if this was the case or not.

The truth is, the relationship between Subaru’s amnesia and『Return by Death』was completely unknown. For the moment, having realised his『Amnesia』, Subaru, who had already died four times, had not affirmed his memory loss within his sphere of what all he could gain a grasp on.
His memories after his start of waking up in the tower while on the way back from the convenience store were vividーー,

Ram: “Hey, are you listening, Barusu.”

Ram’s voice, sharp like a blade, brought Subaru back to reality, after him having gotten completely lost in his thoughts. Upon her gaze, Subaru spilled out a voice from his throat saying “Wh……”,

Subaru: “Yeah, I’m listening. I know I surprised you. This is way too sudden and I understand that you won’t believe it, but……”

Ram: “But?”

Subaru: “I……”

Beatrice: “Subaru has no reason to say such a duplicitous lie, in fact. Ram must also be holding at least that much trust in Subaru’s plans, I suppose.”

Beatrice responded to Ram in Subaru’s stead, while he was busy choosing his words. Having heard the situation back in the Green Room, she was entirely on Subaru’s side as she now sat beside him.

Ram: “Beatrice-sama……”

Beatrice: “What Emilia said isn’t wholly false either, in fact. Having lost his memories, the one who’s the most worried is Subaru, I suppose. That’s why he was even crying like a little kid, in fact.”

Subaru: “Talking about that episode makes it so much more embarrassing.”

Subaru pushed a grin upon the unexpected revelation, and made the reason behind his tears to be “this”.
It actually was due to the fact that he had『Returned by Death』, that he was able to reunite with them, that he had been granted a chance to redo. Those tears had many factors to them, but tears are ultimately tears.
It’s meaningless to investigate the reason behind a man’s tears.

Regardless, his gratitude to Beatrice as she now sided with him was insuppressible.
Just like Emilia, Beatrice had been confused at first upon hearing him in the Green Room, but not only did she less more time than Emilia to digest what he said, she promised to support him with wiseness and sensibility unbefitting her appearance.

ーーReminded of the transient relief he had shown her, and the words “taking outside” which Beatrice had said at the very end last time, Subaru felt agony like his heart was being strangled by chains.

Just, what did『Natsuki Subaru』do to Beatrice.
He felt guilty relying on her faith despite not being aware of that. But he must accept it as a matter of course, he admonished himself.

Subaru: “To be honest, it would be a bit unreasonable to reject the theory of me having no reason to lie so directly about having lost my memories, but I want you to just digest that.”

Ram: “Digest that, you say……”

Subaru: “On top of that, let’s talk about something constructive. Luckily, my present self is facing forward. I’d give a large welcome to talking about advancing forward…… but if you have something to say, then I’ll properly listen to it.”

Under the cover of Beatrice’s comments, Subaru said so and bowed his head once again. In order to follow up with Subaru, Emilia also bowed her head saying “Please, trust him”.

“ーーーー”

Witnessing Emilia, Beatrice and Subaru’s meek attitudes, even Ram was unable to pronounce words of rebuttal. Although, even if they make an angry response, it would only be natural and reasonable.

Of course, it wasn’t just Ram who was impacted by Subaru’s avouched『Amnesia』. Just because she made the most striking reaction, the reactions of the people besides Ramーー Echidna, Julius and Shaula’s reaction also aligned with what Subaru had already experienced twice.

“ーーーー”

In all honesty, his reunion with Emilia and Beatrice alone had been quite something, but the moment he saw and reunited with everyone present altogether in this place, Subaru’s heart received a fierce jolt.
Julius, whom he had left on the lower floor along with Reid. Echidna, who had gotten both of her legs blown off and lost her life while apologising for doubting Subaru. Shaula, who did not show her form amidst all of that mayhem and chaos. And finally, Ram, who directed the utmost powerful suspicion towards Subaru, and did not meet him again thereafter.
Everyone, everyone was here. He had been granted an opportunity to exchange words with everyone once again.

And above all, the one whom Subaru had been the most conscious of in this placeーー,

Meili: “Neverthele~ss, onii-san is truly such a troubled perso~n.”

Subaru: “ーー~hk.”

Meili: “Wha~t’s with that reaction. Making a face like you’ve met a dead person, isn’t it te~rribly rude?”

So recited the young girl, not too surprised by what Subaru had said.
With her dark blue hair tied into a braid, the young killer wearing a stylish black outfitーー Meili.
Meili Portroute, was certainly there, moving and talking.

Subaru: “Meili……”

Meili: “Oh? You remember my name, don’t you~…… in fact, I don’t know what’s different about onii-san compared to normal circumstances, so what did you forge~t?”

Subaru: “ーー. Yeah, it’s a bit complicated. Right now it may seem like I’m having no difficulty when conversing, but once you start digging deeper it becomes a mess. In other words, it’s what they call episodic memory loss, I remember names of stuff quite well, but remembrances with people are all very uncertain.”

Meili: “……Are you referring to, for example, what happened yesterda~y?”

Subaru: “ーーThat’s right.”

Meili straitened her eyes, as her voice became faintly deeper. Subaru hesitated only for a second upon her question, but responded without falling to the pressure.
He perhaps could’ve talked his way out with a rough excuse, but he did not do that. He had decided to not do that. ーーSubaru shall remain honest with them as long as possible.

Julius: “ーーForgot about yesterday, huh. That’s, that’s, well.”

“ーーーー”

Hearing Subaru’s response, as if having received a shock greater than simply his claims about『Amnesia』in a certain sense, whispered Julius accompanied solely by Echidna, somewhat suspiciously.
However, putting their reactions aside,

Shaula: “Master-sama, did you lose memories again? How many times will you forget about me until you’re satisfied. I’m Maicching~.”

Pushing in her voluptuous breasts, Shaula said so whilst making a sour expression.
Shaula’s silly comments followed the same style as last time, but after coming this far, her comments left a strong impression of having an inexcusably odd ambience.

Subaru: “Delving deep into your nonsense also feels weird, but did this Master-sama of yours really keep throwing memories around like this?”

Shaula: “ーー? Yeah, he kept throwing ’em around quite a lot. When he woke up in the morning and I greeted him, he said “Who’re you, again? I don’t remember you. I don’t know you” and treated me like a woman the really old-fashioned way.”

Subaru: “Hmm, if it’s at that level, then it’s difficult to determine if it was just a bad joke or what.”

Though only an assumption, but if Subaru got closer to Shaula and in ordinary life hereafter, that kind of a frivolous exchange seems really possible.
However Subaru was aware that there existed a self of his who lost his memories and concealed that from Emilia and the others, and chose not to speak of him losing his memories. Deceiving that he had lost his memories under the cover of pretending it to be a bad joke would also be a move that existed.
Though by his own perspective, that would be deathly difficult. And since he had indeed died four times, this wouldn’t be a joke either.

Echidna: “The aforementioned amnesia is understood. I wouldn’t say it’s something that won’t take any time to fully accept…… but if there are things like traps which are capable of possibly triggering this phenomenon, then it seems it would be better to act while keeping that in consideration.”

Subaru: “The place with the highest possibility as the crime scene is the library of『Taygeta』, where Emilia-chan found me collapsed. It seems like the place with the most history too.”

Emilia: “-chan……”

Subaru: “ーー?”

Echidna commenced the discussion with a serious expression, and Subaru nodded in agreement. However, in the midst of it, Emilia’s lonesome mumble left quite an impression.
Previously she had shown reactions with this expression in the middle of conversing with Subaru several times as well. In the end, the reason for it yet remained unclear.
Was he perhaps overlooking something fatal. ーーThat was, frightening.

Subaru: “ーーAnyway, everyone, sorry for surprising you all. I think it’s pointless to tell you all to suddenly accept it and continue on at the same pace. Let’s take a break for now. In that time I’ll go draw water with Ram or something.”

Putting forward that suggestion, Subaru stood up. Ram raised her eyebrows upon what he said, whilst Emilia and Beatrice looked at Subaru anxiously.
However, nodding to the two’s look, Subaru turned his black eyes towards Ram,

Subaru: “Let’s go, Ram. ーーYou were just making a face as if calling me to fetch water with you.”

Ram: “ーーFilthy.”

Averting her gaze, Ram whispered in response to Subaru’s invitation.



※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※


Ram: “So, what was the meaning of that farce earlier? Now that you’ve taken Ram out like this, you intend to talk about it now, right?”

With a bucket in her hand, Ram and Subaru headed to the water well away from the place of assembly. And once judging that they had taken sufficient distance from Emilia and the others, Ram fired her question.

Her not accepting Subaru’s claims regarding『Amnesia』whatsoever is something which happened each round. She was not being simply stubborn or being sceptical of the evidence, but she had a further important reason behind it.

ーーThe existence of Rem. Ram’s beloved younger sister, who remained asleep.

In concern for her, Ram was unable to accept Subaru’s『Amnesia』.
That was why she persistently denied Subaru’s『Amnesia』. He didn’t know any particulars. But surely, Subaru had some sort of a connection with Rem when she was awake.
And that had been an immense support for Ram, for her existence as the elder sister.
That is whyーー,

Ram: “Kindly stop entrusting too many important roles on Emilia-sama or Beatrice-sama. Beatrice-sama aside, it would be far too heavy a burden for Emilia-sama. That is why it would be appreciated if you involve Ram now. The details are……”

Subaru: “ーーRam, it’s true that I’ve lost my memories. Neither is it a lie, nor a plan.”

Ram tried to be relied upon, clinging onto that fine thread, however, Subaru must deny her.

“ーーーー”

Ram’s words were interrupted by Subaru’s straightforward remark, and she narrowed her eyes. Levitating within her light crimson eyes was confusion, fearーー and rage.
Rage which could scorch and burn Subaru’s soul. And the reason for its existence, were her suspicions for Natsuki Subaru.

Subaru: “I’ve lost my memories. I have a grasp on the names and relationships of everyone within the tower, but I can’t remember a single thing aside from that. That’s also true.”

Ram: “Kindly stop.”

Subaru: “I did talk to Emilia and Beatrice earlier, but I conveyed them the same thing. I have nothing else to convey. Right now, my hands are all empty.”

Ram: “Kindly stop, Barusu. If you say anything more than that……”

Subaru: “I know that we came to this tower, to regain a lot of things which were robbed away from us. That we’re in the midst of the『Trial』too. That’s all. My intention, is……”

Ram: “Barusu, if you say anything more than this.”

Subaru: “About Rem too, I have”

Ram: “Barusuーー!!”

Subaru heartbreakingly conveyed to Ram, that he had forgotten.
Denoting that she denied it, that she didn’t want to listen to Subaru’s words with her attitude, and upon hearing Subaru’s apology, Ram grabbed Subaru as an expression of her rage.

Subaru: “Ghu!”

With his collars grasped, his back was thrown onto the wall. With unbelievable physical strength stemming from her build, Ram pinned Subaru and glared at him from a close distance.
He understood that the fire within her light crimson eyes was trying to scorch Subaru and Ram herself.

The instant this fire scorches Subaruーー no, scorches Ram, the tragedy will be repeated.

Ram: “What’s your intention? Saying such a, such a stupid lie!”

Subaru: “It’s not, a lie……. For me, lying to you is……”

Ram: “So you’re saying you’ve not lied? Then what should be done according to you? That Ram, should trust you? That Barusu, forgot Rem…… something, so ridiculous!”

Subaru: “Ram……”

Further sharpening her eyes, Ram scowled at Subaru from a distance so close their lips could touch each other. Finally Subaru noticed, that fire was not so much made up of rage as much as it was made of tears.

Her conflict went far deeper than what Subaru could ever imagine.
Subaru finally managed to grasp that, after repeating four times. How prudent does one have to be, to think it was possible to understand the emotions, the wounds others harboured in their chest.

Subaru came to realise this after repeating the same foul play four times, whilst Emilia and the others realised at once, which seemed dazzling to him.
Unable to merely be scorched by that dazzle, Subaruーー,

Subaru: “ーーI will, get Rem back for sure.”

Ram: “ーー~hk!”

Glaring back into the light crimson eyes, Subaru poured strength into his throat and conveyed clearly.
Upon hearing that, Ram’s eyes widened once again in surprise, but her rage concealed that.

Ram: “How can you talk…… about getting her back or whatever, Barusu, you forgot about Rem, didn’t you!”

Subaru: “But still, I’ll get her back. Rem, my memories, the goal behind coming to this tower, accomplishing and regaining everything without leaving a single thing, we’ll all go back together. ーーIt’s a matter of course, that I’d guarantee at least that.”

Ram: “ーーBarusu?”

Subaru: “It is, a matter of course…… when you think of, everything which happened in this tower.”

He was finding it difficult to breathe. Yet, Subaru distorted his cheeks for a different reason. Ram raised her eyebrows upon Subaru’s reaction, and slightly relaxed her hands which had grabbed his collars.
Now, Subaru grabbed hold of her hands and pulled them apart. At the same pace, their bodies switched positions.

Ram: “ーーFilthy. Kindly let go.”

Having gotten pinned to the wall now after their positions switched, Ram declared before Subaru whilst she shared glares with him.
However, though powerless, Subaru did not flinch away from saying the words he intended to speak.

Subaru: “Ram. I’m going to definitely get back both my memories, and Rem. For that, please lend me your strength.”

“ーーーー”

Subaru: “I need everyone’s strength. The『Natsuki Subaru』who was there until yesterday, whom you all knew, may not have said something so pathetic. But, for my present self……”

Julius commended to him, Beatrice trusted him, Echidna forgave him, Emilia wished for him.
And perhaps『Natsuki Subaru』, whom everyone held expectations for, may have changed this stalemated situation by himself.
However, the present Natsuki Subaru was not capable of that. And the people within this tower, were far too loving for him to throw a tantrum and give up, saying that he couldn’t do anything.

Subaru: “I know you won’t believe or forgive me for forgetting Rem. But, please keep that rage of yours for later. In exchange for that, I promise you.”

Ram: “Promise……?”

Subaru: “I will carry through, no matter what. I’ll eat it all up, no matter how many tries it takes. If, I break this promise, if I give up in front of you, then feel free to do whatever you’d like to me, burn me, scorch me, anything.”

“ーーーー”

Ram’s eyes widened, and the flame of rage within them weakened. What appeared instead of rage now, was an emotion which she had kept concealed until now.
Whilst witnessing that, Subaru pulled back his head and continued with his straightforward approach with herーー and continued his words from the same distance as when their glances had entangled when he had been trapped in the cage of ice.

Subaru: “That is, my resolve.”

Ram: “……Why would you go that far. If Barusu has truly forgotten, then you shouldn’t think of getting Rem back this much.”

“ーーーー”

Ram: “Once you forget, it all turns into a void. It becomes a gaping vacuum, and the feelings for what used to be there all disappear. All vanish. Love, hatred, warmth, loneliness, everything.”

Ram’s quiet tone was feigned over by her cold attitude.
Those terribly experienced words, perhaps spoke of the void she had experienced herself. That is why, she found Subaru’s resolve to be difficult to trust.
She believed that it was impossible to possess such a strong desire when embraced by that void.

Subaru: “The truth is, that’s true. My memories are blank, and the feelings which my self, who was there until yesterday, felt for Rem have all slipped out of my hand, but……”

Ram: “Then, why?”

Subaru: “But, I know that you cherish Rem and desperately want to get her back.”

He had seen Ram’s form struggling, desperately wishing for regaining her beloved younger sister, Rem.
By witnessing a wish and love so strong with his own eyes, Subaru had been overwhelmed. And the desperate Ram was one of the people Subaru wished to be saved as wellーー,

Subaru: “Right now, the reason I want to get Rem back is for『Natsuki Subaru』, and you.”

“ーーーー”

Subaru: “That’s why, I’m counting on you for when I give up. Do whatever you’d like to with my head, that is my atonement, my self who made you cry.”

Ram: “Ram never cried, don’t fool around.”

Subaru: “That hu~rt ~hk!?”

Receiving a tight slap on the side of his face, Subaru crumbled on that very spot.
Slapped on the cheek which had gotten flushed, Subaru looked at Ram as if he was looking at something unbelievable.

Subaru: “Y-You…… I was, just now, saying something, pretty brave……”

Ram: “Getting all energetic on your own accord, what do you mean by saying something brave? First things first, Barusu making a promise is laughable itself. Quite impressive how you yourself proposed what is the last thing that can be trusted in this world.”

Subaru: “I said the same to Emilia-chan, but how many promises did the me until yesterday break!?”

Ram: “Was there even a single promise that was kept?”

Subaru: “That bad of a level!?”

Vilified by the voice which had gotten colder, Subaru re-evaluated『Natsuki Subaru』. All other things good or bad aside, but it seemed breaking promises was a common occurrence.
First of all, the greatest obligation for keeping promises was to make efforts for the same.
Protecting promises even when not being watched by anyone, and that was why humans often put themselves to a disadvantage on their own volition. If not, it served as a proof of one possessing a deficient spirit.

Subaru: “I guess, someone like『Natsuki Subaru』wasn’t a half-decent guy after all……”

Ram: “Yes, that would be right. It seemed like you misunderstood, but the Barusu until yesterday wasn’t a capable man who could manage everything by himself either. Rather, he was a simpleton and his speciality was that whenever he tried to manage something by himself, he would only enlarge the damage in the end. Ram also got caught up in a lot of the trouble.”

Subaru: “Are you serious. Why did you bring a guy like that to the tower……”

Ram: “He butted in. Along with that, he was a man of mere words and lip service. Skillful at its own way, and looked forward to chores being entrusted upon him. Also, he was also good at dandling Emilia-sama and Beatrice-sama, isn’t it. After that……”

Sitting cross-legged on the ground, Subaru felt far too uncomfortable.
He was being scolded about himself, even though it wasn’t even about himself. Being told much about『Natsuki Subaru』by Emilia and the rest also felt agonising in quite a complicated manner, and Ram firing words and speaking ill of『Natsuki Subaru』like this also felt, well, complicated.
Subaru became serious, determining to hear it to the end this time,

Subaru: “What else? Short legs, bad at remembering things, had an unhealthy diet, stubborn?”

Ram: “He had short legs, he was bad at remembering, he had an unhealthy diet, he was stubborn.”

Subaru: “I suppose so~.”

Ram: “ーーAlong with that, he cherished Rem.”

“ーーーー”

Suddenly, her tone changed, and colours were painted into Ram’s cold voice.
If the warmth of voice was to have a colourーー it would be a tender soft crimson.
Rem, her affection for her younger sister in her voice, and reminded of『Natsuki Subaru』who used to be by her younger sister’s side, she showed a glimpse of tender love, which shall never disappear.

Such that Subaru hallucinated, that soft crimson was the colour of kindness.

Ram: “Barusu. ーーDid you truly forget Rem?”

Subaru: “……Yeah.”

Ram’s eyes were reflecting Subaru, and she never averted them. Truly respectable.
In this kind of a scene, made to hear the words he did not want to hear, Subaru would probably avert his eyes. Yet she, Ram, didn’t try to avert her gaze even once.

Ram: “Barusu. ーーYou will really remember Rem again, right?”

Subaru: “Yeah, I’ll remember her again. And not just Rem, but everything else too.”

Ram: “It won’t be the worst even if you don’t remember everything else. Kindly remember just Rem again.”

Subaru: “Don’t be absurd. Let me remember everything again……”

Ram: “Saying it once again. Kindly remember just Rem again, even if you need to die for it.”

Subaru: “Yeah, I swear. ーーEven if I die, I will remember everything again.”

Remember everything again even if he has to die, quite literally.
What did『Natsuki Subaru』see, hear, feel, establish to come this far in this different world. ーーNatsuki Subaru shall recover all of it.

Ram: “……Alright. You’re free to go this time.”

Upon hearing his response, the intimidating air surrounding Ram suddenly disappeared.
Sensing that, Subaru asked “Are you sure?” Whilst remaining on the floor.

Subaru: “I know I requested this, but are you really fine with just this?”

Ram: “You’re a man, aren’t you. Kindly accept it head-on. Barusu’s resolve has been heard. And on top of that, you even said that anything could be done to you, burn you, scorch you, whittle you, gouge you in case you give up. If you found it difficult to hear that, then Ram’s motherly affectionate heart will suspect you.”

Subaru: “I don’t remember anything about whittling and gouging though……”

Ram: “Did you say something?”

Subaru: “I did not.”

Shaking his head, Subaru responded to Ram politely.
It would perhaps be amusing that when he shall not be able to rely on any god, then perhaps he should resign himself to this motherly affection for casting judgement upon him.

Ram: “Stand up, Barusu. Ram won’t allow you to give up or kneel down.”

Subaru: “Don’t group sitting on the floor together with them…… here.”

Standing up, Subaru brushed off his behind and faced Ram.
Ram, with her back resting on the wall and arms folded after adjusting her dishevelled clothes, had already gone back to her normal stateーー and Ram glared at Subaru, suggesting to him that this was her “normal state”.

Ram: “……Did you tell Emilia-sama and Beatrice-sama the same thing?”

Subaru: “Those two…… seemed like they didn’t even consider me giving up as a possibility, that’s why.”

Ram: “That’s so. ーーThe fault is them being infected with Barusu.”

Subaru: “That’s why, I won’t request those two. Nor Julius or Echidna, emotionally you see.”

Also perhaps, when it came to Emilia and Beatrice, Julius and Echidna.
He believed he had heard their thoughts during the events that happened last time.
That is why, he shall confirm the remaining answer ahead of now.

Subaru: “But, you know…… Going by what you said, it seems the me until yesterday wasn’t too impressive of a guy either.”

Ram: “For Ram, your worth changes immensely depending on whether you have the memories of Rem or not. Kindly watch what you ask.”

With a cold declaration, Ram turned her back towards Subaru and started walking.
The two weren’t really supposed to have the time to stop their feet whilst fetching water, but they did not want to worry Emilia and the others unnecessarily if they returned empty-handed.
Subaru held the bucket in his hand, whilst Ram stood beside him.
And,

Subaru: “I was……『Natsuki Subaru』was here for certain, right?”

With a faint voice, Subaru directed his question towards Ram’s side profile.
This was more of an anxious cry than seeking confirmation. Naught more than words unsuitable immediately after pledging to not give up.
He knew it won’t be strange for Ram to reprimand him, as he stood with his tongue dry.

Ram: “ーーTruly a fool.”

However, without doing anything of such sort and without halting her feet, Ram disparaged Subaru in seeming affection,

Ram: “Right now, it has just momentarily become invisible. It just feels like it’s lost due to being under the depth of a variety of things which had been accumulated. Like flowers buried under the cold snow, once the season of snowmelt arrives they shall be visible once again. ーーSurely, that’s all there is to it.”

Yes, Subaru could not show his current expression to Ram, who was hiding her own.
Immediately after acting so boldly, he could never show her an expression this pathetic.

That is why, Ram’s way, as she remained quiet without even attempting to look at him, at this moment, truly seemed like a mother’s affection to Subaru.



※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※


The situation had largely changedーー or so he wanted to think, but the changes were not so great.

This was not the first time Subaru had opened his heart out after losing his memories, and the impact everyone felt is also a spectacle he had witnessed.
But should he change his heart’s stance, everyone’s point of view shall also respectively change.

Last time, Subaru much distrusted Emilia and the others and that was due to several factors such as their actions, attitudes and words. Firmly believing that they had all been plotting something.
However, upon doing away with those misgivings, he realised that their actions, attitudes and words were all in concern for him, and he rebuked himself.

In other words, they restrained themselves to make sure Subaru was not made to feel anxious.
Suspecting their actions was a problem entirely on Subaru’s part.

Subaru: “Let’s do it, properly. Do it properly, Natsuki Subaru……”

Telling himself so, Subaru glanced at his palm.
The cause of the disappearance of Subaru’s memories was highly likely to be in『Taygeta』. Though walking through the『Trial』was also important, investigating the cause behind this amnesia was also urgent business.
There was no guarantee that it may not eventually develop into a ridiculous situation where everyone forgot each other and greeted each other saying “Hello, who might you be” upon seeing each other.
And the truth was, he very much had the flexibility to proceed with it all slowly.

Subaru: “Last time, and the time before that too, everything in the tower was a total mess.”

Last to last time, Subaru had successively discovered the『Dead Bodies』of Emilia and the othersーー no, of everyone except Emilia and Beatrice.
Last time was different, he got to witness the『Deaths』of his comrades with his own eyes, and his heart fell into desolation and ruin.
However, all of those abnormalities were disasters which should occur within the tower not so far into the future.

As one who was aware of the damage these disasters cause, Subaru must try to stop them from happening.
For that purpose, he shall dedicate all the strength he possessed. ーーThat’s why, first, Subaru will.

“ーーーー”

A faint breath was present behind Subaru, who was standing at a great height.
A moderate level of attempt to conceal existence, sensing it was possible if one was conscious of it. Perceiving the foul play thanks to the knowledge he possessed beforehand, he turned his body around just on the verge.

???: “ーー~hk.”

Subaru: “Woops, that was dangerous. ーーDon’t fall down instead of me.”

Striking the two hands stretched out, his opponent’s body pitched forward, Subaru instantaneously grasped the stretched out hand to make sure nobody fell.
That body was light. Lightness befitting the appearance of the young girlーー yes, calling her a young girl would be adequate.

Subaru: “Alright, let’s talk. ーーI’ll have you take responsibility, for killing me.”

Saying so, Subaru smiled at the young girl whose elbow he had graspedーー Meili, commencing the climax of this mystery of catching the criminal who pushed him off twice in the past.


Chapter 57
“ーーーー”

Possessing the hazardous intent to make him lose balance and fall down the spiral staircase, the girlーー Meili, looked on in surprise.
Closing his dark eyes, Subaru could not help but grumble upon this situation, a turn of events he had predicted but doubted halfway through.

He was glad that by using『Return by Death』, he was able to eventually prevent this tragedy from happening. This was also proof that this young girl had been the one to push Subaru’s back twice in the past, in different timelines.

To think that the criminal who had pushed Subaru from a height and into his doomーー who had been killed by the very hands of 『Natsuki Subaru』 previously, was Meili Potroute.

Meili: “……Responsibility for killing me, huh, there you go again saying stra~nge things, onii-san.”

At that moment, as Meili widened her eyes and loosened her lips, Subaru’s arm immediately turned and his finger traced his torso, whilst he continued to smile.
She took a step backwards whilst facing Subaru, who was standing at a distance from the spiral staircase.

Meili: “Perhaps your mind lost a lot of other stu~ff along with memories. This misunderstanding can happen only then.”

Subaru: “Misunderstanding?”

Meili: “Yes, don’t you think so~? ーーMe trying to kill onii-san, would be a te~rrible misunderstanding.”

Inching backwards, Meili said so with a smile. Witnessing her truly dignified approach, this was something beyond even Subaru’s expectations.

He believed that he would never be able to avoid this mishap. But should the one he was struggling against be『Myself』ーー no, Meili, then he might just manage to convince her.

She acted quietly, adamantly, that too unfavourably.
Choosing the most seemingly optimal solution momentarily was her way of living.
Frankly, that was precisely a『Beast’s』 way of living.

Meili: “There is no need to be suspicious. Had I really wanted to kill onii-san, wouldn’t the sand dunes have been better for that rather than this tower? Ah, onii-san doesn’t remember all that, so you may not kno~w.”

Subaru: “I guess so. It’s weird. If you intended to kill from the very beginning, then you must have gotten countless chances to do so. But, you didn’t do so.”

Meili: “Don’t you agree~? Then…..”

Subaru: “But, the matter of your motivation to kill me sprouting and growing since this morning is a totally separate issue. Am I correct to say that this is a chain reaction due to what happened last night?”

Meili: “ーーーー”

Meili’s facial expression changed upon what Subaru mentioned. She sealed her lips, erased her smile, and then took a deep sigh.
And, shrugged her shoulders with an unfavourable attitude, unfitting of her appearance.

Meili: “Could it be, I have been trapped into this awkward situation, I suppo~se?”

Subaru: “What do you mean by “awkward situation”?”

Meili: “Isn’t that what you trie~d? Lying about your memory loss, to see whether I would push off onii-san…… To eliminate any obstacles that you may have on your side. To see how useful I was in this tower? This would be the perfect time and chance, to do so.”

The girl, who tried to reaffirm the authenticity of the situation, was displeased by her disadvantageous position.
Certainly, up to this point she had displayed no malice whatsoever on her part, but it was also true that Subaru knew how Meili would act beforehand. Even if she shall deny it, the evidence against Meili shan’t be altered.
However, there were some things that could be said clearly. Those beingーー,

Meili: “Well, what exactly should I do~? Since everything has already come this far, should I try resisting and running away from here? Especially when those bad animal-chan’s aren’t here, even I can get away from onii-san by myse~lf.”

Subaru: “Don’t get me wrong, Meili. My memory loss isn’t a lie for deceiving you. It’s the truth, that’s why I’m being serious, like I should be.”

Meili: “That’s that, I actually did doubt whether you were lying or not bu~t…… In the end, what is it that onii-san wants to do? Do you think I believe it just because I’m not retaliating in respo~nse?”

Subaru: “ーー~hk.”

The young girl put her hands on her slender neck, saying so whilst showing her tongue.
At that moment, Subaru’s heart rate accelerated. However, ironically enough, it was a metaphor for simply killing, not something as ridiculous as Meili remembering her own death.
With that conviction, the young female assassin gestured her capability to deal serious damage to Subaru’s heart.
That’s why Subaru did not intend to let her act on that conviction, butーー,

Meili: “Actually, I really don’t recommend using ways of killing that take a lo~ng time. I do have methods that don’t require much suffering, but onii-san is pretty bad at hiding stuff……”

Subaru: “ーーI, don’t intend to kill or hurt you. Even after this, tomorrow onward as well, whatever awaits, I intend to treat you the same way as I have done till now.”

Meili: “……Huh?”

Meili once again changed her expression, hearing Subaru’s response.
However, this was unlike the change that had come upon her when she had opted for the optimal solution for the immediate situation. Meili’s expression was filled with obvious dismay, as she looked at Subaru with eyes that could not comprehend what he was saying.
Upon that gaze, Subaru nodded.

Subaru: “Fortunately, your crime was prevented beforehand, and so if we were to keep it a secret, it’ll all be fine. Even if you just think of killing me through some different method, all I’ll have to do is prevent that as well. Although, all this undeniably leaves a bad taste in my mouth. Really bad.”

Meili: “Ah…… W-What are you……”

Subaru: “But at least, did you get it this time? Doing something to me is an incredibly huge risk for you. If you’re going to say “But still” and continue, then, you know, at the very least let’s just talk properly. If you’re still dissatisfied, I’ll hear as much as I……”

Meili: “Dissatisfied? Dissatisfied you say……”

Abruptly, Meili murmured with a quiet and shivering voice.
Afterwards, she sharpened her lips,

Meili: “What’s dissatisfying is this situatio~n! I can’t believe it!”

Subaru was saying all this in order to persuade her into making a moderate decision. Following up with that, Meili shouted, with her eyes looking at Subaru as if she were looking at something unbelievable.

Meili: “Can’t believe it, can’t believe it, I can’t believe i~t……”

Whilst she pronounced so, her hands busily toyed with her braid.
It was visibly evident to Subaru that she had gotten perplexed regarding her own mental self-defence and that this was a signーー a sign of dependence on someone who had the same hairstyle.

Meili: “Onii-san has no idea about what I tried to do right no~w! If that’s wrong then, it’s stra~nge. If that’s wrong, then……”

With words filled with frustration, Meili’s attitude was unnaturally desperate.
This was Subaru’s first time seeing Meili so disturbedーー no, rather he had first seen her like this in her『Book of The Dead』.

After what she had done last night, encountering Subaru in『Taygeta』, and after having a conversation with『Natsuki Subaru』, she had decided to kill the amnesiac Natsuki Subaru.

However, this plan of murder, carried out in such a hurry, would have had been a double-edged sword for her too.
Although Subaru would have been pushed off to death, ignorant, how did she plan to escape the allegations of murder that could be placed upon her after Subaru’s death.
It was probably possible to cover it up as just an accidentーー or perhaps not.

Should it be Emilia, Beatrice, Ram or any of the others, by now, Subaru knew that they would not let his『Death』slide by without even trying to uncover the truth behind it.
In that case, it was inevitable that Meili’s crime would eventually come to light.
Ram, Julius, or Echidna were much smarter than Subaru, and they would be able to see through to the truth behind his death at once. It was unimaginable to think that Meili had never taken that into her consideration.
That’s why, this isーー,

Subaru: “This is, just a desperate urge of yours. You just have a habit of murder. You don’t even consider other factors for solving issues. That, isn’t your fault.”

Meili: “ーー~hk! Don’t talk like you understa~nd! What does onii-san…… what do youーー! What do you know about me!?”

Subaru: “ーーI do know.”

Meili: “ーーーー”

Meili, grinding her teeth, stiffened herself as if she had been doused in cold water.
Looking straight at Meili, Subaru assertively declared,

Subaru: “Meili. I know about you. I know it may sound pretty creepy but, I may even know more about you than the only other two people in this world that know about you, you know?”

Upon Subaru’s shrug, Meili’s worry intensified.
Believing that it was completely obvious, however at the same time, Subaru was looking for a way to convey that undeniable truthーー he was struggling with the twisted『Self-Love』in the back of his chest.

He shall remember,『My』neverending temptation.
A whispering voice seemed to echo right before Natsuki Subaru took any action, repeatedly tempting Subaru to solve his problems through murder, the worst course of action packed with cowardice.
By reading her『Book of the Dead』, the ghost of the dead Meili Potroute and its temptations, had returned to haunt Natsuki Subaruーー,

Subaru: “ーーNo, that’s not it.”

Shaking his head, Subaru then pondered over what the girl he had killed had done.
During all this time, something had happened. Visibly evident from the confusion and frustration of the girl standing before him. Above all, recalling what Subaru had seen about Meili in her『Book of The Dead』.

Considering what Meili had suffered through, it could never be said that she became simply murderous.
This was not the same Meili as the one in her『Book of The Dead』
That was something Subaru’s soft heart was somewhat sure about.

After all, upon that evidence, the girl with that voice did not show herself to Subaru.

“ーーーー”

Putting it terribly straightforwardly, Subaru had lived through the life of Meili by the『Book of the Dead』. This was her mindset in normal daily lifeーー creating an impression, establishing a way of action, however, she never thought of ending someone’s life with such lack of fairness and reason.

In those days, there was an unquestionable emptiness in Meili’s heart, and her experiences increased the『Fear』inside her, but there remained a lone something that glimmered within herself

It’s name beingーー,

Subaru: “ーーElsa Granhiert.”

Meili: “ーー~hk.”

Subaru: “That, is the reason why you tried to kill me, yes?”

Upon that question, Meili’s facial expression distorted with bitterness.
That was the rage of getting something sensitive that should never be touched, being proddedーー no, being trampled upon.
However, Subaru yet dared to do so. Because,

Subaru: “Remove your shoes when entering someone’s house, but rudely walk in while wearing shoes when entering into others’ hearts is the rule of the Natsuki household.”

As one of its members, Subaru climbed into the heart of the young assassin.
This was something akin to forcing himself into her heartーー.

A murderer of black, whom Subaru did not know, but was familiar with.
Just thinking about her gave rise to feelings in the heart, like a desire of relief, longing, sadness and rage, and, emptinessーー the feelings that Meili felt for her were extremely complicated, yet, extremely simple.

ーーMeili, longed for Elsa, loved her, and admired her.

That’s why, having her be stolen away gave rise to despair, suffering, hatred, wrath, murderous intent and despondency.
All of the time she had accompanied Subaru and the others in their journey, it had all been for the sake of revengeーー could not be said for her unskilled self.

In fact, it could be said that Meili was very clumsy.

A despairing young girl who was ignorant about her own emotions, enough to not know about the depth of the scar in her heart.

ーーA professional assassin who made up her own environment, that’s who Meili Potroute was.

Subaru: “Did you want to take, revenge?”

Meili: “…… I don’t kno~w.”

Subaru: “Even so, Elsa was……”

Meili: “I have no such wish. I am well aware of that……”

Meili shook her head twice in response to Subaru’s question.
Subaru understood Meili’s feelings. And, Meili was also well-aware of where Subaru’s words were coming from.
In this situation, Subaru and Meili stood equal to each other.

That’s why, filled with sadness and stuck in a dark chamber ignorant of the correct answer, all she could do in order to express her emotions was to act like the assassin she is and 『Murder』.
At the same time, the hatred that Meili held while remaining trapped in that world, left solely that option for her.

Despite all this, Meili’s desperation for Elsa did not reach its end.
For Meili, Elsa may have been a shining light but that light was far too dazzling for ordinary people to follow.

Subaru: “I know, that you are holding back your feelings. But, the answer you’re looking for probably cannot be found this way. That’s why.”

“ーーーー”

Subaru: “Leave this place to me. I won’t make things worse. At the very least I’ll work hard to make sure things don’t get worse. If you’d believe that.”

Meili: “……I ca~n’t, trust. Anything which, may come out of onii-san’s mouth’

No matter how forcefully Subaru persuaded, Meili, who was hiding her face, did not nod even slightly.
That was obvious. Because, that meant finding a way of action that did not exist in her way of life.
On the other hand, there was Natsuki Subaru, who shall propose and preach whatever he wants to without flinching even the slightest.
On top of that, if a senior ever invited him to a place with full preparation and bashed him, even Subaru would be surprised by how much it would sting.
Henceforth, since he had an idea that she would say this, he had well prepared other measures.

Subaru: “So what comes out of my mouth cannot be trusted, I will reflect on that. Thanks, until yesterday I was already pretty bad with promises. That’s why”

Meili: “That’s why?”

Subaru: “Instead of a promise between you and me, let’s make a promise between you and us.”

“ーーーー”

Upon Subaru’s words Meili frowned, unaware of his intentions.
However, the answer to her doubts was brought to light soon afterward.
That beingーー,

???: “ーーMhm, it’s fine. I was also carefully listening, as a witness of the promise.”

Meili: “ーー~hk.”

Hearing that voice, Meili’s shoulders shivered, but she managed to compose herself. What appeared in before her next was an outstanding beauty, whose magnificence could not be doubtedーー.
Upon her appearance, Meili’s eyes widened and her lips trembled.

Meili: “Onee-san…… you, heard everything?”

???: “Subaru told me, to stay here and see…… to stop Meili if she was going to do something dangerous, that’s what he said.”

Saying so, stepping into the place where both of them stood, with fluttering hair that was reminiscent of the glitter of moonlight and standing as a figure of a seemingly mythical beauty, was Emilia.
Hearing Emilia’s words, Meili rotated her neck in astonishment.

Meili: “If I, did something dangerous……? Not, onii-san……?”

Emilia: “Yeah, if Meili did something dangerous. Well, is it okay now, Subaru?”

Subaru: “ーー. Yeah, that’s right. It’s just that it made me a bit anxious.”

Emilia: “ーー? Why are you turning your face away? Did something happen, Subaru?”

Subaru: “No, it’s just that, you’re just, too cute to look at directly……”

Subaru responded with a whisper to Emilia’s question, who had tilted her neck. As Emilia furthermore tilted her neck, Subaru managed to put aside the trembling of his throat and his embarrassment, and turned his attention to the perplexed Meili once again.

As Subaru had foreseen the attack, he was confident about stopping Meili’s crime. The problem after that was the occurrence of『Natsuki Subaru』.
Speaking of his purpose, it may be possible that in the loop when『Natsuki Subaru』had killed Meili, it may have had been simply self-defence against Meili’s attempt to murder, and immediately after stopping her,『Natsuki Subaru』 did not necessarily take actions against Subaru’s will.

Therefore Subaru determined that he would leave this problem to people stronger than him.
He has complete faith that even if his consciousness disappeared, and『Natsuki Subaru』appeared, Emilia will certainlyーー no, his comrades shall certainly do something about it.

Emilia: “Listen, Meili. I believe what Subaru has said. If Meili can’t believe it, then it’s fine to just carefully observe him. And, if he breaks the promise, I’ll be angry alongside.”

Meili: “Observe, onii-san……? That’s, weird. Isn’t that strange. Observing onii-san and onee-san, is what, I……”

Emilia: “If Meili wants to do something bad, that can be only after Subaru actually breaks the promise. Till then, observe whether he breaks it or not. Isn’t that fair?”

“ーーーー”

Meili was confused by Emilia’s words, who bent enough to have their eyes at the same level.
Inside her mind, her ways of coping with and solving truths and circumstances distorted and crumbled.

Subaru: “You seemed to be about to make a huge mistake, but mine and Emilia-chan’s nice save somehow prevented that. That’s why, this is your chance to learn how it should have actually been done. This is your chance to find a different solution than killing me…… it’s a bet.”

Meili: “Bet……?”

Subaru: “Settle down the evil feelings inside you, and see whether you still want to kill me, or whether you’ve changed your mind…… I’ll also, do my best at giving you lectures about morality.”

Scratching his head, Subaru laid down this path for Meili’s confusion.
Frankly, unneeded care was unneeded and intrusive. There was a certain way of living that Meili had followed until now, and Subaru was trying to arbitrarily open new options for her.
But, should she refuse it, her path will meet a dead end because of the sand tower. If her way of life is followed, they couldn’t possibly ever conquer this sand tower together.
Andーー,

Subaru: “I’m not letting you get off this train. I don’t know how old you are or anything but…… When I was around your age, I got the adults around me to help me all the time.”

Meili: “ーーーー”

Subaru: “That’s why, I will help you even if you don’t want me to. You are far too young to think stuff like what you should be doing or refusing adults’ help.”

Saying so, Subaru stepped forward to reduce the distance between him and Meili.
Seeing the distance between them shrink, Meili’s shoulders shivered. Subsequently, Subaru patted the head of the nervous Meili, who looked up with uneasiness in her eyes.

He won’t crush that thin neck. He presented this decisively different alternative, to『Natsuki Subaru』.

Meili was a child, that did not need to die. Andーー,

Emilia: “I sincerely request, please trust Subaru……. trust us, Meili.”

Meili: “ーーAh.”

While Subaru caressed her head, Emilia hugged her from behind, leaving her completely immobile. Embracing her body, Emilia rubbed her cheek against her as Meili lightly bit her lips,

Emilia: “This sand tower is a place too small for you to decide something big”

“ーーーー”

Emilia: “Leave this place, go to a bigger place and find your answer there. We will also work rea~lly hard.”

Teaching her all this when she possessed feelings, whilst trapped in such a cage, was not exactly the best thing to do.
Even so, this was the only way Subaru could have said it. With complete, utmost care and kind words, they conveyed it to Meili.

“ーーーー”

In response, Meili repeatedly and thoughtfully glanced into their eyes.

Meili: “I don’t want to, forget about…… Elsa.”

Subaru: “Ah, that’s fine. There is no need to forget someone you loved. It’s just that, we~ll…..”

Cutting his own words off, Subaru thought of the beautiful woman of black he witnessed in the『Book of the Dead』.
What a strange impression. He had never been in contact with her, yet she still has a sense of familiarity. Reminiscing such an opponent, Subaru subconsciously stroked his guts.

Subaru: “ーーEven if it’s someone you love, I wish you don’t imitate their way of doing things.”

Yes, he believed so.

ーーMeili was powerless, had lost her path, but still, after several silent seconds had passed, she nodded.


Chapter 58
???: “Betty was dragged into this against her will, in fact. But since it was Subaru’s request, it had to be properly answered to, I suppose.”
???: “Master-sama is an invulnerable man, after all. I wasn’t worried or anything. In fact, I was suspecting the possibility of little girl number two going off and exploding the moment she stood behind Master-sama.
Meili: “Ah, uh……”
Upon looking at those faces slowly climbing up the spiral staircase, Meili had her white cheeks go red and tried moving her lips as she stood at a loss for words.
Viewing the changes occuring in Meili from the side, Subaru then raised his hand and said “Hey” to the shadows on the staircase.
Subaru: “Thank you for being on the rear guard. I’m relieved that falling down could be avoided somehow.”
???: “……No matter what Subaru may say, there’s no saying she would’ve been forgiven if you really came down falling, in fact. That is why this is a matter of being lucky, I suppose.”
Snorting her nose, climbing up the staircase holding the hem of her dress was Beatrice. Behind her was also Shaula’s figure, with her hand behind her head, laboriously returning to the fourth layer after having been far down below on the spiral staircase.
Meili: “W-W-Wha…… o-onii-san? Those two, what is the meaning of thi~s……?”
Upon seeing Beatrice and Shaula’s figures, Meili looked back at Subaru in astonishment.
Subaru crossed his arms upon the bewilderment of the young girl who had been unaware of this.
Subaru: “Well, I don’t really know how to word it, but the plan just now was a lot like walking on a tightrope…… I don’t like to think this way, but the pattern of me being pushed by you and just dying had also been quite possible, you know? It turned out all nicely cause I happened to have stylishly caught your arms beforehand.”
Meili: “B-But, onee-san was also keeping a watch over us, no~……?”
Subaru: “Well I also know about Emilia-chan being powerful despite her mad cute looks, so it was for just in case of an emergency. Though it’d be no joke if Emilia-chan also jumped down with me in an effort to save me.”
The truth was, at the very end of where they had been in the past, Subaru had fallen alongside Emilia. He had embraced her, but had been unable to save her. ーーThis had been etched into his heart profoundly.
If the same happened again then Subaru shall surely push Emilia to someplace safe, is what he would like to say, but it could not be helped that his body wouldn’t be able to process any more data when already at its limits.
Subaru: “Why, I simply played this card just to make sure that emergency doesn’t happen. I judged it’d be alright if two people…… Beatrice and Shaula were watching from below.”
He had witnessed that Beatrice was a skilled magician with his own eyes, and when it came to Shaula, the specifics remained unknown but there was no need to confirm that she possessed strength unfitting of her appearance.
No doubt with regards to that, since Subaru had her lift him up just in case when he was requesting them and discussing this plan.
Meili: “Why go so far, there must’ve been much simpler and wiser ways and ye~t.”
Upon hearing Subaru’s explanation, so whispered Meili with a downcast gaze. Her embarrassment for having been seen at a disgraceful spot was fading away, what she felt instead was perhaps the negativity of punishment.
Upon her words, Subaru said “Yeah” as he touched his cheek with a finger.
Subaru: “Just as you said, I think there had been easier and wiser ways. I think so, but……”
Meili: “Think so bu~t……?”
Subaru: “At the level my mind operates on, easiness and compromise are two sides of the same coin, and wiseness is partnered with unfairness. I…… hm, I did not want to resort to compromise and unfairness.”
“ーーーー”
Upon hearing those words, Meili’s eyes somewhat straitened, as she softly bit her lips.
Looking at her with a wry, strained smile, Subaru clenched his fists.
He thought of somehow fixing everything.
He wished to somehow fix everything.
Henceforth, in order to somehow fix everything, he wanted to do everything he was capable of.
Subaru: “That’s why, I didn’t hesitate in asking Emilia and the rest for help.”
Emilia: “Mhm, that’s right. I was also very surprised when Subaru first told me about this.”
So pronounced Emilia, still hugging Meili from behind. She had her chin rest on Meili’s petite shoulder, and glanced up towards Subaru,
Emilia: “But I knew Subaru was rea~lly serious at a single glance. Besides……”
Subaru: “Besides?”
Emilia: “ーーI was happy that Subaru was willing to discuss. Because Subaru always makes preparations to put an end to everything by the time I even take notice.”
Smiling with her eyes upturned, Subaru halted his breath before the young girl with amethyst eyes.
As Subaru stiffened his cheeks, Emilia instead loosened her cheeks and lips, following with a nodded.
Emilia: “That’s why, I was happy that you came asking what to do and allowed us to think alongside this time. Hehe, it’s a bit strange, isn’t it.”
Subaru: “……No point in saying it, but the me who was there until yesterday really pisses me off. No, but since getting to look at this face and hearing this voice is my special privilege, did something rather deserved happen to the me until yesterday……? What do you say, Emilia-chan?”
Emilia: “Sorry. I don’t get what you’re saying.”
Subaru, continuing to smile, blathered and loosened his shoulders.
And, the two who were climbing the staircase below these three finally joined them.
Beatrice: “Once again, it is relieving to know that nothing happened, in fact.”
Subaru: “Nothing happened would be a bit of a faulty expression. Considering tons of reformations occurred within Meili’s consciousness…… so something did happen.”
Shaula: “O~h, as expected of Master-sama! Absolutely no idea what you’re on about, but when it comes to your cool aura then there’s nothing that can surpass it!”
Subaru: “Do you actually even hold any respect for me?”
Shaula seemed to be regardlessly impressed by anything she was told, but when Subaru consulted regarding the principle of saving Meili, the first one to endorse him had also been her.
Naturally, it also did feel like she put no deep thought to it and simply wanted to support Subaru with what he wanted to do, but it was also certain that he had been saved by such existence of hers.
Meili: “Um, Beatrice-chan…… are you, not angry with me?”
Beatrice: “It’s a matter of course that Betty is angry, I suppose. But you seem like you’d get popped to shreds by Betty, so Betty has somehow managed to shut it off, in fact. There’s also what happened in the sand dunes, so what happened now shall be written off, I suppose.”
“ーーーー”
Beatrice: “However! Writing off what happened now only goes for this one incident, in fact. You still bear the sin of burning the forbidden archive in the previous mansion, I suppose. As long as that exists, Betty will probably never forgive you, in fact.”
Crossing her short arms, Beatrice responded to Meili’s doubt with a stern look in her eyes. Meili halted her breath upon her words, but Emilia immediately laughed with a “Hehe”,
Emilia: “It may be a bit difficult to grasp, but Beatrice just now said “probably”. She’s saying she’ll properly forgive Meili if she stays a good girl. You’re rea~lly so kind.”
Beatrice: “Emilia! Don’t go saying unnecessary stuff, I suppose!”
Meili: “……I’ll do whatever I can, to touch your heart.”
Exposing the other side of the strict comments, Emilia laughed before the blushing Beatrice. Seeing them, Meili responded with a soft voice.
Witnessing the scene, Subaru nodded several times in satisfaction.
Could he not say that finally, the progress before his eyes had actually happened.
At the very least, her actions, having ultimately believed that Subaru must be killed, had been prevented. Though this was yet merely one of the tragedies which occur in this towerーー,
Shaula: “ーーSo, is this really fine, Master-sama?”
Subaru: “Hm?”
Said Shaula with an innocent and calm voice, standing behind Subaru, who was drowned in thoughts. Standing beside Subaru, narrowing her dark eyes, she was glaring at the spectacle where Beatrice and Meili went back and forth with Emilia in between them.
And as Subary furrowed his eyebrows, she resumed with the same tone,
Shaula: “The girl who tried to kill Master-sama. Is it, really okay to let her go with no reproach?”
Subaru: “You sure ask some dangerous stuff…… it’s fine. Meili’s already gotten reproached. But, things ended up like this because nobody actually taught her about why she was being reproached. She shall be taught about that, now onwards.”
Shaula: “Master-sama also said the same, but what if she tries to kill Master-sama again because of that?”
Subaru: “That’d happen if I’m extraordinarily bad at teaching, But, it’s not like I’ll be the only one at it.”
That was how Subaru responded to Shaula’s questioning.
If Subaru were to aim for changing the sense of ethics of someone fostered to be an assassin from a very young age by himself, then it would be extremely difficult, and in all honesty, he did not possess the strength to shoulder this responsibility either.
However, Subaru did not think of doing anything and everything by himself.
He had relied on Emilia and the others for stopping Meili’s crime as well. He shall have Emilia and Beatrice go along with him ahead of this as well.
Subaru: “Of course, I’ll have you helping as well, Shaula. Because it’ll be a long road of her objecting individual sense of values.”
Shaula: “……Me, too?”
Subaru: “That’s of course. You…… well, on the flip side you have teacher-like ambience, and I won’t leave you out alone. Your body is overflowing with motherhood, use it nicely to break through to Meili’s obstinate heart.”
Before Shaula, who pointed a finger at herself in sheer surprise, Subaru declared relaxedly and shrugged his shoulders.
It was a mystery as to what she was so astonished by, but considering she often overreacts, Subaru did not question it much, thinking that just was a part of her.
Upon Subaru’s judgement, Shaula sandwiched her face with her hands,
Shaula: “Me too, huh. Me too, together, with Master-sama, me too…… a~h, a~a~a~h. A~a~a~a~h.”
Subaru: “Huh…… what happened, you……”
Shaula: “Nothing! I’ve decided! Just as Master-sama ordered, I’ll raise that little girl number two into a pro~per upright person!”
With a red face, Shaula sprinted towards Emilia and the rest. And lifting up Meili’s body with ease, hugged her and pushed her into her voluptuous chest.
Meili: “Kya~!? What happene~d, naked onee-san. You surprised me!”
Shaula: “It’s okay it’s okay, you can act like a spoilt child under my care as much as you’d like, little girl number two. My chest belongs to Master-sama, but I’ll share it with little girl number two just for now. The wealthy should give to the needy, you see!”
Meili: “Hey onii-san!? You drilled some weird stuff into naked onee-san’s head once again, ri~ght!”
Meili, being treated by Shaula as per her own pleasure, raised her voice upon judging this was Subaru’s antic.
Subaru: “Well, think of it like compensation for worrying everyone, and get treated affectionately all nicely. It’s alright, from what I saw she doesn’t have any ill will.”
Meili: “……Geez, such hopeless people. It’s fine, I’ll let it pass. But, what happened here is a secret to other peo~ple.”
Saying so, Meili puffed her cheeks as she was sandwiched by Shaula’s breasts. But, upon Meili’s comment, Subaru scratched his head and said “Ah”.
Meili furrowed her eyebrows upon his reaction, and in Subaru’s stead, Emilia responded to her.
Emilia: “Um, Meili, it’s rea~lly difficult to say this but……”
Meili: “……I’m getting a bad feeling about thi~s.”
Whether that bad feeling of Meili’s had hit the mark or not.
The answer to that question could immediately be understood by her reaction to the words Emilia followed up with.
Emilia: “ーーSubaru had also properly consulted Ram and the others, who are not here.”
Meili made an immensely wry expression.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
The room which was used for meals or conversations was called the “Common-Use Room”, but what awaited Subaru and the rest when they returned to the Common-Use Room was Ram, with her hands on her hips.
Ram: “Is that so. Seems you cleaned it all up. Not bad, worthy of a compliment.”
Receiving Subaru and the rest upon their safe return, Ram said so to the five with peaceful eyes.
That was perhaps high praise from her, hence Subaru accepted it straightforwardly. The whole incident with Meili was something he could brag about to even her. And he was relieved that his boasting would not lead to him being in a bind.
???: “There’s no requirement to say this, but she had been awaiting your return standing like this the whole time.”
Ram: “……There truly was no requirement to say that. Kindly restraint yourself, Echidna.”
Echidna: “You’ve had this attitude ever since you got to know I was the one controlling this body. How likeable.”
Saying so and making Ram stiffen the edges of her eyebrows, was Echidna, with her hips down onto the floor of the Common-Use Room. She accepted Ram’s eloquence with a smile, then looked at Subaru and the rest.
Meili: “Hmph.”
Echidna: “So, what is she so sulky about?”
The one Echidna pointed to was Meili, who was being carried on Shaula’s back.
Groaning with a bitter expression, without responding to Echidna’s question, Meili continued to sulk and averted her eyes away. She was being completely peevish.
Echidna: “So, for example she’s irritated because she got her plan for murder intercepted. If that’s the case, then I am slightly uneasy about leaving her without any constraints like this……”
Subaru: “Ah, no no, that’s wrong that’s wrong.”
Echidna’s insecure supposition, and the way she had visibly been on guard for Subaru even in this short intervalーー must be a display of her emotions, of wanting to protect the girl named Anastasia, the owner of her body.
She could not help but form a strange misunderstanding, and Subaru firmly denied it.
Subaru: “She just feels awkward that she got her thoughts uncovered and everyone got to know about them. It’s so childlike, it’s cute.”
Echidna: “Considering what she attempted to do, it feels odd to describe it as something childlike but…… I see. Even after losing memories, the true nature doesn’t change so easily is what it’s about, hm. Must be surprising to you, Natsuki-kun.”
Subaru: “It’s my honour if it serves to be entertaining for you, that’s all.”
Winking towards Echidna’s line of sight, he was then ridiculed by a “Hah” by Ram. Afterwards, Subaru turned around in a circle and surveyed the room from the inside.
Subaru: “Huh, Julius isn’t here? Where is he? Toilet or something……”
???: “ーーAt the time of utmost serious affairs, you engage in trifling matters, the thought of that is truly vexing.”
Subaru: “……It’s not like it’s decided that it’s a trifling matter. He may be doing a rather important task, you know.”
Hearing a voice from behind, Subaru curved his cheeks and turned back towards the echoed voice. Receiving his smile, which had a negative connotation to it, was Julius as he touched his own bangs.
As he returned from the outside of the Common-Use Room, Emilia tilted her head.
Emilia: “Julius, were you having a stomachache?”
Julius: “Emilia-sama, do not take his words and deeds at face value. Certainly, he is your one and only knight, a position where you should trust him more than anyone, unquestionably so, but sometimes, even his prominent words and deeds are……”
Subaru: “Hey hey, don’t stuff such unnecessary stuff into Emilia-chan’s mind. First of all, it was you who wasn’t even in here. I’ll excuse you if you say you were out in the toilet for a bit.”
Julius: “ーー. Heh.”
Glared by Subaru’s black eyes, Julius loosened his lips.
A way of laughter seemingly losing breath, truly irksome and befitting of his appearance, but Subaru felt that there just was something wrong with that laughter.
Echidna: “Emilia, and Natsuki-kun, no need to worry. Following the earlier conversation, Julius went to be on the lookout for the outside. As Meili wields the power to control Witch Beasts, and in case she truly intended to achieve her goal, what should be seen as the greatest threat would be the existence of the Witch Beasts outside the tower, you see.”
Julius: “So I was on the watch for the outside of the tower from the balcony I found last night. Fortunately, there appeared to be no oddities outside of the tower and it seemed everything was alright inside as well……”
Whilst saying so, Julius turned his gaze towards Meili. Atop Shaula’s back, upon noticing Julius’ gaze, she made a sour look with her lips.
However, seeing Meili’s conduct, Julius abruptly relaxed his cheeks.
Julius: “I am glad, it seems everything was resolved safely. Though when you spoke about having lost memories and then about this, it felt as if heaven and earth had partly been overturned……”
Subaru: “That’s way too huge an exaggeration. Well, that’s not something I, who lost memories, can say.”
Julius: “I suppose so. Saying heaven and earth got overturned, would be going too far. Just slightly, though…… Anyway, I am glad everyone’s safe. After having sought even Emilia-sama’s help, if it still ended up as a failure ultimately then there wouldn’t even be any room for recovery.”
Subaru: “Yeah, I’m also relieved…… You and I, are close enough to be quarrelling like this, right.”
Julius: “ーーHeh.”
Julius laughed in a stuck-up manner at what Subaru said with a finger raised.
Thinking that this smile did not have that earlier faint vacillation, Subaru also felt satisfied.
“ーーーー”
This made the fifth time of them meeting by chance ever since he had lost his memories.
All this time, he did not get much time that was spent peacefully, and the reality was that he must’ve spent much more of his time with Emilia and the others. And surely, “Natsuki Subaru” had his own way of connecting to them.
Henceforth, Subaru wanted to carefully follow “Natsuki Subaru’s” footsteps to make sure there isn’t too huge a difference, to make sure Emilia and the others do not get saddened.
He did not want to directly lay his eyes upon the reality that Emilia and the others had lost “Natsuki Subaru”. ーーBesides, it would surely be better to not face a reality of such sort.
If Natsuki Subaru disappears, and “Natsuki Subaru” returns, then surely.
Subaru: “Alright then, let’s head for capturing the tower with this newly reborn all friendly team of ours. Any objections?”
Emilia: “Mhm, none. Let’s give it our all.”
Beatrice: “That name, friendly team has a bit of a sense of apathy to it, in fact.”
Regardless, Emilia and Beatrice presented two extremes of agreement to Subaru’s opinion. The others did not seem to hold any objections either, which relieved him for the moment.
Julius: “Will it be fine to accept that there’ll be no problems with regards to her this way?”
Subaru: “Yeah, that’ll be fine. She won’t act recklessly and try to kill me behind everyone’s backs. However, whether she’ll be able to keep this up hereafter depends on Meili as she grows up watching our backs, so be careful to make sure she doesn’t get to see our backs being uncool or dreadful.”
Julius: “I see. So it is a matter of appearances. Then I want you to leave it to me.”
Turning his gaze towards Meili, Julius drew his chin in and agreed with Subaru’s words.
Appearances seemed somewhat of a wrong way to describe it, but to have others look at your backーー in other words, becoming a role model, in that sense Julius’ description was certainly befitting.
The present Subaru could not say he had been with him much, but he had still witnessed that Julius possessed a strong sense of self-denial and excellency in various kinds of conducts.
Those were the fruits of his own ready wit, an indication of the refinement of the environment he grew up in, and at the same time they also symbolised the hard work he had put into applying them to himself.
Through evident hard work, he had applied those to himself. Them being something valuable, something priceless.
Emilia: “ーーSubaru, are you okay? Do you think you’ll be able to converse?”
Subaru: “Woah!?”
Suddenly, Emilia grasped Subaru’s arm whilst he stood with halted breath, looking at him in concern. Seeing how close he was to her, Subaru regained his senses and jumped backwards, flustered.
Witnessing Subaru’s overreaction, Emilia spilled out a faint “Ah……”,
Emilia: “You know, ever since you’ve woken up…… no, ever since you said you lost your memories, Subaru just keeps getting surprised by me, no? Is there something strange about me? Is there something on my face?”
Subaru: “No, um, not at all. There’s just your cute eyes and cute nose and cute lips and cute ears.”
Emilia: “Cute…… hehe, thank you. But if that’s the case, then why?”
Subaru: “I guess it’s because it feels like Emilia-chan’s features aren’t just the parts added up, but multiplied such that they compliment each other. Also, your voice is cute. You’re also cute. This won’t do, what an angel.”
Subaru covered his face with his hands and looked at Emilia through his fingers, suggesting she was too dazzling to look at. Hearing Subaru’s comments, it was Beatrice who responded suddenly,
Beatrice: “ーー~hk! Try saying that in a more Subaru-like fashion, I suppose!?”
Subaru: “Huh!? Eh, what’s wrong!?”
Beatrice: “Again, say the words Emilia looks like an angel in a Subaru-like fashion, in fact.”
Subaru: “What kind of public shaming is that!? I’m not doing it! It’s embarrassing! Beatrice, you’re also cute like an angel! Don’t sulk!”
Beatrice: “It’s true that Betty is cute like an angel, but that’s not what its about, I suppose……”
Heartbroken, Beatrice lowered her shoulders in dejection. This made him feel guilty, as Subaru then patted her head and everyone now was in formation of a circle in the Common-Use Room.
Now this made for a proper place to converse. It was regrettable that the real progress sought after had not been realised yet, but it was about time to continue the conversation rather boldly.
Subaru: “With all the being said, once again, Meili’s a part of our team now. For having a societal inspection of Meili, having her entered genuinely now, I would like to hurry up and leave this sandy tower as well. Any objections?”
Ram: “That manner of speaking really makes one question if you’ve truly lost your memories or not…… But, Barusu’s memory loss is a rather light problem when compared to more serious ones, but its still a problem.”
Emilia: “Mhm, that’s right. Its not like they could’ve just suddenly disappeared out of nowhere, so we have to make sure Subaru gets his memories back……”
Subaru: “Ah, about that, how about we disregard it for now?”
After raising a hand and seeking approval, Subaru interjected a pause between Ram and Emilia’s comments. Everyone in the conversation, not just the two of them, responded with a “Huh?” in surprise.
The only one not surprised was Shaula, but she was busy tending to Meili after earnestly accepting Subaru’s requests so he left her out for the moment.
Beatrice: “Subaru…… please don’t make Betty and the others worry too much, in fact. Your memory loss was sufficiently surprising, yet saying that it’s alright to not recover them would be far too self-abandoning, I suppose.”
Emilia: “Yeah, that’s right, Subaru. Are you perhaps thinking that you don’t want to cause problems for us? But, Subaru, you consulted us regarding Meili, didn’t you. Similar to that, we will all think together with regards to Subaru’s memories as well. Please, okay?”
Subaru: “That persuasion makes my heart ache! No, but well, listen to me for a second! It’s not like I’m saying this out of self-abandonment. There’s a proper reason behind it!”
That was the excuse Subaru made against Emilia and Beatrice’s concern. Following, Subaru raised a finger making sure everyone could see it and said “Listen”.
Subaru: “I do think that me suddenly losing my memories in this situation is regrettable, and it rea~lly makes me happy that everyone wishes to get them back. However, is there anyone here who thinks this memory loss is unrelated to the existence of this tower?”
Shaula: “Master-sama hit his head in the toilet’s urinal and lost memories before. There’s no end to it.”
Subaru: “Outfielders to remain quiet for a second! What you said certainly can’t be ignored, but its fine for now!”
Irritated by the outfielder’s disruption, Subaru brought the conversation back together by saying “Anyway!”.
Subaru: “What I want to say is that there’s a relation between the tower and my memory loss. In other words……”
Echidna: “ーーIn other words, upon fulfilling the conditions for capturing the tower, the cause behind Natsuki-kun’s memory loss or the key to it might naturally be obtained. Is that what you mean?”
Subaru: “Ah, yeah, that’s right that’s right. That’s what I mean!”
Subaru nodded several times upon Echidna’s words, who had read into Subaru’s thoughts. Hearing Echidna’s view, Julius put his hand on his chin and said “I see”,
Julius: “If the tower’s mechanism has stolen Subaru’s memories, we might get closer to the answer upon capturing the tower. Or instead the occasion of Subaru losing his memories might have happened because he got too close to the answer.”
Echidna: “It seems quite possible. His insight at the time of capturing “Taygeta”, to say it clearly, he utilised knowledge we couldn’t possibly ever have. Due to the knowledge only Natsuki-kun possessed, he went far too ahead of even us and resultantly had his memories lost.”
Subaru: “Wait wait wait wait, that would be way too much overestimation. I’m just a shut-in, you know? My speciality is like, spreading bedsheets open cleanly and sewing, you know?”
Emilia: “Ah, look, Subaru. The embroidery on these clothes, Subaru did it. Did you start remembering something upon looking at it? It’s cute, right? It’s Puck.”
Subaru: “Hmm, embroidery of a cute cat. But, I don’t really have an idea~.”
Digesting the conversation which required a great deal of thinking ability, Subaru denied Emilia, who was caressing the picture of a cat embroidered on her clothes, downhearted.
Perhaps a cat she had kept and even given a name to. It seemed she did not bring it along to the tower, so he wanted to hurry up and return safely, and make her reunite with her pet.
Regardlessーー,
Ram: “Barusu learnt something there was no need for, and as a result, lost his memories out of rashness…… certainly seems convincing.”
Beatrice: “Ram’s way of saying it is quite thorny, but Betty generally agrees as well, in fact. Besides, Subaru’s thoughts of the tower’s capture being prioritized…… the prospect seems repulsive, but it does have a point, I suppose.”
Subaru: “Beatrice……”
Beatrice’s dissatisfaction was perhaps directed towards the situation of not giving topmost priority to Subaru’s memories, after all. It made him happy from the bottom of his heart that she would think this way, but Subaru had his own reason for not prioritizing his memories. ーーIf they leisurely search around for his memories or, they wouldn’t make it in time to prevent the tower’s tragedies.
What had happened. What was going to happen. Subaruーー no, Subaru and everyone else, must become one and prepare for those calamities.
Subaru: “And so, I want to prioritize capturing the tower. I want everyone to understand for now as well.”
“ーーーー”
Subaru: “I don’t think its fine if things remain this way either. But, my problem can be dealt later. If we postpone the initial problems, we won’t ever reach our goal. I want to do what we should do.”
So appealed Subaru to everyone, earnestly.
He put in as many efforts as possible to cover the demerits of “Natsuki Subaru” not being here. And that he wanted everyone to lend their strengths in return.
Subaru’s request had everyone at a loss for words, howeverーー,
Ram: “ーーTruly, such a fool.”
Sighed Ram, turning her head and looking at everyone with her light crimson eyes.
Ram: “Even after losing memories, your deplorable intellect won’t change. In other words, even if your memories return, there’s not much the present Barusu can contribute…… then, prioritizing Barusu’s memories would only be wasteful. Let’s capture the tower, and subsequently anticipate their return.”
Subaru: “Subsequently you say, don’t you have any other ways to put it.”
Ram: “No. You lost your memories subsequent to attempting to capture the tower, isn’t it? In that case, kindly find them subsequently as well. Don’t cause Ram problems.”
ーーHe promised Ram, that he will remember, he will get them back, no matter what.
That is why, he couldn’t possibly weigh the impact Ram’s heart must’ve received when he said he wanted to postpone matters regarding his memories. However, precisely because of that promise, Ram had said this in the first place.
She had made the promise with Subaru, despite him being a habitual breaker of promises.
Echidna: “Progressively speaking, it’s not like we have a way to recover memories. I shall also agree with Natsuki-kun and Ram’s say. Speaking optimistically here, but there’s also the possibility that the memories come back with time.”
Julius: “I’d say a passive agreement for me. I shall not give utmost priority to it. I shall prioritize the tower’s capture. But should I find a chance to recover your memories, I shall prioritize that. ーーEmilia-sama and Beatrice-sama mustn’t be made to make such a sad expression.”
Subaru gave a deep nod in response to Echidna and Julius’ words.
He then turned his eyes towards the two of Emilia and Beatrice. Receiving Subaru’s gaze, the two ultimately hesitated a bit butーー,
Emilia: “ーーThis time, even if it’s tough, I’ll be patient. But”
Subaru: “But?”
Emilia: “Sometimes, do excuse me for worrying about Subaru the most.”
Subaru: “Uh…… I’m sorry.”
Noticing that it was equal to what he had said about keeping worrying about him later, Subaru turned his head down in response to Emilia’s request.
Seeing the two, Beatrice let out a sad sigh.
Beatrice: “Emilia said what Betty wanted to say, I suppose. That was supposed to be the most effective one, so do properly reflect on yourself, in fact.”
Subaru: “ーーYeah, I got it.”
Henceforth, gaining everyone’s approval, Subaru once again firmed his resolve for capturing the tower.
And what Subaru wanted to first propose thus forward wasーー,
Subaru: “ーーHow about we all go and search, if there’s Reid’s book in the library of『Taygeta』?”


Chapter 59
ーーLet’s search and see if there’s Reid’s book in the library of『Taygeta』.
That was what Subaru suggested as a necessity for capturing the tower as well as capturing their immediate problem, the second layer.
While sitting in a circle, everyone made a puzzled expression upon hearing that.
Emilia: “His book……? Are you serious?”
Subaru: “Yep.”
Subaru looked at Emilia as she gave her reaction. Feeling a sense of bliss due to her cuteness and lovable nature, Subaru then turned to everyone saying “Listen”.
Subaru: “Searching for Reid’s book, I think that is the quickest and easiest way for capturing the second layer. Don’t you all think so as well?”
Emilia: “I asked this earlier too, but why? I’m not against searching for the book. But I just don’t know why we should search for Reid’s book. Besides……”
Julius: “ーーFirst of all, would Reid Astrea’s book truly even be in that library.”
Hearing Subaru’s suggestion Emilia tilted her head, and Julius conveyed the latter half of her words.
Subject to everyone’s gaze now, Julius looked upwards with his eyes and eyelashes which had an affinity with each other. As if glancing at the second layer which was perhaps above the ceiling.
Julius: “Though indeed hard to believe, the hero who engraved his name in history, Reid Astrea takes the name of the『Trial』upon himself and is awaiting our challenge in the second layer. There is no reason to doubt that he is a personage who existed four hundred years ago, and still is that very same person…… but now, there is room to question his death in my mind.”
Subaru: “Seeing how lively he is, did he really even die? I guess my supposition may have been wrong considering this point……”
The truth was that Subaru merely recognised the fact that he is a dead person from several hundreds of years ago after hearing about it from Emilia from the rest.
Should he have been met unknowing of his respective circumstances, it would be truly hard to believe that Reid was a dead person. First of all, he had too much life in him. He’s a far too energetic dead person.
Subaru: “Regardless, I think things are at a level that we need not ponder over this point much. It’s inconceivable that he’d live for several hundreds of years, and he should be dead. Am I right, Beatrice?”
Beatrice: “Despite everything, Betty has lived for four hundred years, in fact.”
Emilia: “Around a hundred years for me, I guess?”
Echidna: “Same here, I suppose if my birth would be considered then it would make around four hundred years. Though the time I was conscious for was short.”
Shaula: “Me too! Me too, Master-sama! I’ve been waiting here in vain for four hundred years! I was so lonely! I demand a hug for those four hundred years!”
Subaru: “So many characters who’ve lived long!? Even Emilia-chan!?”
His objective was to seek agreement but unknowingly brought objection, whilst he had his jaw hanging.
He never thought that over half of his party members would be characters who’ve lived for long. The party’s average age jumped up so much it wasn’t even a joke.
Especially when it came to Beatrice to Emilia, he was unable to shut his hanging jaw.
He merely thought that he had to come to terms with it.
Subaru: “I-Is that so, Emilia-chan is a half elf…… I’m also convinced she’s an unparalleled beauty. The rule goes that half elves are pretty and live long, after all.”
Emilia: “Um, mhm, yes…… Subaru, even without memories, you aren’t scared of half elves?”
Subaru: “When you ask about being scared, then I’m scared of that cuteness. It’s seriously lethal. If I look at you when I’m half asleep and have my guard down then my eyes might go blind. To be honest I’m having to blink frequently even now.”
Emilia: “……Geez, stupid.”
Scolded by the slightly pouting Emilia, Subaru got lost in thoughts of this ambience feeling nice, but braced himself up to make sure he didn’t make such a foolish misunderstanding.
Emilia was extremely kind, one could easily get the careless impression that she had feelings for Subaru. His beating heart, swayed away. Well, it was fine if it was beating at least.
Subaru: “Ha~…… at such spots, you have a sense of relief like I’ve returned to my parents’ home, Beatrice.”
Beatrice: “That feels somewhat unacceptable, I suppose…… but well, since you’re patting Betty’s head, you’ll be let off the hook this time, in fact.”
After being thrown into disarray by Emilia, his heartbeats calmed down upon caressing Beatrice. It seemed that Beatrice’s mood had also been restored so it served both ends.
And, upon the derailing of the conversation, Echidna said “Would you mind if I say something” and raised her hand.
Echidna: “It’s not like I don’t understand Julius’ worry, but I want to earnestly endorse the supposition that Reid is a dead person. Though it’s simply the impression I got when I got in contact with him personally.”
Subaru: “And the reason for that would be?”
Echidna: “First, just as what Natsuki-kun had said, I cannot conceive that Reid Astrea belongs to a species which lives for long. He is a person who goes beyond norms in multiple ways, but he is still a human. Second, his personality.”
Emilia: “Personality? Like his rea~lly energetic nature?”
Echidna: “Energetic to an extent which is rather unheard of. I cannot imagine that the possessor of such a hearty and lively personality would quietly seclude himself in the tower for four hundred years. The fact that he hadn’t even met her…… Shaula, would mean that he always remained in that one room of the second layer. It’s very hard to believe. It’s my arbitrary impression, but he would probably leave in three days.”
Subaru: “Ah.”
In response to Echidna’s views, Subaru responded with a voice filled with acceptance and reconciliation.
Emilia and the others also thought back to Reid’s bustling attitude. They all seemed to be convinced by the credibility of Echidna’s views.
Observing them all, Echidna turned her pale cerulean gaze towards Julius.
Echidna: “So, that is the impression I have, Julius, do you agree?”
Julius: “It is impossible to not agree. Certainly, considering Reid Astrea’s real impression, it does not seem like he would stay at the same place for such a long time. The reason behind that is because the tower’s『Trials』and his present self have strings of conditions attached to them…… is that how we should consider it.”
Subaru: “The tower and him, have strings of conditions attached, huh.”
Hearing Echidna and Julius’ conversation, he recalled the denouement of the previous loop.
Within the tower caught in the flames of great chaos and mayhem, Reid was walking around freely and boasted about going outside. Without any diffidence he had descended from the second layer down to the fourth layer and even pushed the back of Subaru’s head.
To Subaru it did not seem like his freedom was constrained whatsoever.
The truth was that had he not possessed the last bit of reluctance, he would have unmistakably left the tower full of life with his legs at the very same pace. ーーThe reason why, he did not do so.
Julius: “ーー? What is it, do you need something from me?”
Subaru: “No……”
Julius: “Heh. I believe I also have eyes, a nose, ears and lips on my face, but is there any strangeness in that?”
Subaru: “Ah, unlike Emilia-chan’s they aren’t cute at all so they’ve failed the screening. Regardless……”
The conversation had drifted far too distant from the main issue at hand, with that notion Subaru turned his gaze away from Julius.
And once again returned the topic to “Reid’s book”.
Subaru: “Well then, now that we’ve all agreed that Reid’s a lively dead then let’s go back to what I first said. 『Taygeta』has『Books of the Dead』, am I right?”
Ram: “That is the understanding as of now. Memories of the dead flow into the reader’s head…… Barusu and Julius have confirmed that much. Though unfortunately, it seems you lost memories of that as well.”
Subaru: “I said I’m sorry, don’t hold it against me. ーーAnd, that is where the focus of this conversation lies.”
Subaru pointed his finger towards Ram. Perhaps finding that gesture unpleasant, Ram twisted his finger, making Subaru taste ache and scream “Ga~a~h!”.
Right beside their exchange, Beatrice raised a soft voice saying “Ah”.
Beatrice: “So that is what it is, I suppose!”
Emilia: “Beatrice, did you get what Subaru wants to say?”
Beatrice: “Yes, in fact. So that is what it is, I suppose. ーーIn other words, it means utilising Reid’s『Book of the Dead』as an essential point for capturing Reid, in fact.”
Subaru: “Yeah.”
Caressing his twisted finger, Subaru affirmed Beatrice’s words with a pained expression.
Hearing that explanation, Emilia rounded her amethyst eyes and whispered “Is that so~”.
ーーUtilising the『Book of the Dead』, and capturing the dead himself.
To summarize, not only was the『Book of the Dead』a record of one’s lifetime, but also elaborately recorded why that person had died, a “capture guidebook”.
And should it be put in Subaru’s words, who was a veteran player having already died four timesーー the cause of death isn’t something which can be evaded easily.
Subaru: “That’s why if we read his『Book of the Dead』we’ll get to know of the cause of his death. That would serve as a great means of capturing. The『Books of the Dead』may be, in a roundabout way, for that purpose alone, you know?”
Echidna: “That is…… something I didn’t notice. But now that you mention it, certainly. They’ve gone out of their way to deploy a dead person as the trial taker. It wouldn’t be odd if that was the aim.”
Subaru: “Well, you don’t have to accept it that readily……”
Subaru rounded his eyes and gave a bitter smile as response to Echidna, who commended him far greater than what he had anticipated.
Regardless, the situation was such that they could either find a way to capture, or become able to define a bypass to evade it entirely.
Subaru: “Ah, this is something I’m saying with personal conviction…… not my present self who doesn’t have memories, but my self who had memories also tried to test this way of capturing as well, I think.”
Beatrice: “……That is convincing, I suppose. There’s no way Subaru wouldn’t test such a byroad, in fact.”
Ram: “That being a road toward evil, not a road toward righteousness. Certainly seems like something Barusu would do. Ram is also convinced.”
Emilia: “Mhm, yeah. Things inequitable, that’s something Subaru’s rea~lly good at.”
Subaru: “Who says inequitable in this day and age……”
Emilia: “ーー~hk!”
He distorted his cheeks in response to the unblurred assessment of『Natsuki Subaru』, and Emilia suddenly had eyes twinkling as a reaction. Subaru was surprised by her reaction, but Emilia immediately afterwards touched her cheek with her finger.
Emilia: “Ugh, this won’t do this won’t do. Subaru is the one who has it rough the most, after all. I have to get myself together……”
Ram: “Emilia-sama, your feelings are understandable, but your cheeks are flushed red.”
Taking Emilia’s hand, Ram directed her attention towards what was happening with her.
Emilia or Beatrice upon times had been giving overly sensitive reactions since a while ago, and the reason behind that was perhaps because of the vestiges of『Natsuki Subaru』they could feel.
He truly felt guilty and apologetic. He wanted to return『Natsuki Subaru』to Emilia and the others as soon as possible.
Regardless, in accordance with Emilia and the rest’s impression as well, it was highly probable that the Subaru who was there until yesterday had arrived at a point of utilising the『Book of the Dead』as a means of capturing.
Hearing Subaru’s thoughts, Meili then said “Ah” with her hand on her mouth.
Meili: “……This reminds me, last night I saw onii-san in『Taygeta』with lot of books scattered arou~nd. I wonder if that’s what it was fo~r.”
Julius: “Last night, Subaru was in『Taygeta』? Hmm……”
Subaru: “By the way, did you get to see what book I was reading?”
Meili: “U~m…… I don’t know that mu~ch. Really sorry~.”
Meili closed her eyes as she remained sitting on Shaula’s lap and getting her head caressed.
Waving his hand gesturing “Don’t worry about it”, Subaru referred to『My』memories which were not his own, and arrived at the same conclusion.
Amongst the memories of Meili he had confirmed with the『Book of the Dead』, despite seeing Subaru with multiple books scattered around him he had been unable to see the specifics of that point onward.
That is why he had not been disappointed much by the answer to his question. However, at the point when he was in the library of『Taygeta』it was certain that there was some sort of abnormality in『Natsuki Subaru』.
Before he scattered the books around, or perhaps shortly after thatーー,
Julius: “What are the chances of that act itself having some connection with the loss of memories?”
Echidna: “A lot of them were scattered around, huh…… Something like reading the『Book of the Dead』beyond the maximum possible limit filled up the entire place for storing memories and they overflowed out, that won’t be possible, right?”
Subaru: “I want to think that it shouldn’t be possible, but I can’t say it isn’t possible. Anyhow, I have amnesia!”
Julius and Echidna sighed at the same time before Subaru, who had puffed up his chest and raised a single finger.
They had come to a standstill when it came to discussing his memory loss, but Subaru did not doubt that the cause of his memory loss was in the book.
That is why, he thought of avoiding letting anyone else read Reid’s『Book of the Dead』should they actually find it.
If someone had to read it, then it must be Subaru, who already had his memories disappear once, it wouldn’t be of much consequence should they disappear againーー no, by now, Subaru also had too many memories he could not let disappear.
“ーーーー”
The events of the previous loop, the events prior to the previous loop.
Along with that, the things he had committed to his heart in these surroundings, or the promise with Ram, and what he pledged to Meili.
What’s this, already hands full of stuff which mustn’t be forgotten despite merely being here for a few days and repeating four times.
This is why, memories were valuable, priceless, and difficult to part ways with. ーーThey must not be forgotten.
Emilia: “Subaru?”
Subaru: “Uh, ah, I’m alright I’m alright, I’m alright. Erm, ahem.”
Upon Emilia’s call, Subaru awoke from his silence and regained his composure.
Then glanced at everyone’s faces,
Subaru: “With all that being said, I propose heading to『Taygeta』. That guy, hero of the past or the legendary so-and-so or whatever, will be handing down his achievements in his life hereafter. Instead there’ll also be any failures or weaknesses he left behind, and we’ll straightforwardly attack those points as a fame tax.”
Ram: “You sure are confident, speaking of something you’ve heard someplace else.”
Subaru: “Hehe, it’s cause I never thougsht there’d be a chance to realistically use a way for capturing this tower. If the opponent can be traced down to his roots then even the cause of his death and what he treasures can be ascertained. This is what you truly call a modern day knowledge cheat……!”
Emilia and Beatrice tilted their heads hearing Subaru’s words, who had his fists clenched with strength.
That was mere persiflage so he did not get into its details, but it was unmistakable that Reid Astrea, in this world, was a personage famous enough to have his name etched into history.
Echidna: “So in other words, that guy’s cause of defeat is a fame tax…… that’s quite novel for a weakness, isn’t it?”
Ram: “ーー. Barusu’s aim is understood. Ram is convinced as well. Though Ram certainly has some anxiety about it.”
Echidna: “It’s worth trying, huh. My oh my. Simply thinking about how difficult it will be to find a single book out of an amount of books that vast makes me feel heavy.”
Ignoring Subaru’s frivolous comments, Ram and Echidna raised their hips. Emilia, Beatrice, Meili and Shaula followed shortly afterwards.
Subaru also got on his knees and stood up, and then glanced at Julius, who was lagging behind.
Subaru: “What happened? Are you against it?”
Julius: “……No, there’s no other breakthrough solution either. Also considering that the proposal was initiated by you, I shall recognise its validity.”
Subaru: “But, there’s still something on your mind?”
Julius: “ーー. That would be, a problem of my own. I want you to disregard it.”
Shaking his head left and right, Julius stood up at that spot.
Since it was impossible to disregard it even when told to do so, Subaru only got more concernedーー,
Subaru: “I’ll disregard it, for now. ーーBy the way, with the exception of the『Book of the Dead』, just how famous is Reid? Feels like it’d be at a crazy level.”
Julius: “Seems like that was quite a strong memory. For memories that were spilled in bits and pieces, seems like some are left…… Reid Astrea, is one of the three heroes who defeated the『Witch』who existed in the past.”
Subaru: “The『Sage』Shaula, the『Divine Dragon』Volcanica, the『Sword Saint』Reid……”
Shaula: “『Sage』refers to Master-sama, not me.”
Subaru: “Going by your logic, I’m also several hundreds of years old? I’ve lived a time way too shocking between leaving the convenience store and waking up in the morning……”
Rather than simply taking Shaula’s speech with a grain of salt, Subaru ignored it after tasting the flavour of only a small percentage of what she had to say, Subaru dug deeper into the legend of Reid whereby he was spoken of as one of the three heroes.
With respect to that topic, Emilia and the others’ glances were directed towards Julius.
Julius accepted their gazes, and whilst touching his bangs,
Julius: “Certainly, there’s no time to recite the legend Reid Astrea etched into posterity in all parts of the world. Speaking of things he was famous for…… the fight where he slayed a hundred dragons, or his battle achievement of six thousand undefeated victories recorded in the arena of the Gladiator Island. An existence called to be a fierce god, and the victor of drinking competitions, such varieties are also there.”
Subaru: “All of that sounds so stupid, but after having met the real deal……”
Julius: “It feels that they’ve not been exaggerated. After knowing that strength, unhesitatingly he would…… no.”
Subaru: “ーー?”
Julius: “Within what I’m aware of, all anecdotes regarding him retell his achievements and such. His personality, or records of humanly failures and defeats, there are no memories of things like those.”
Touching his bangs, that was how Julius brought the display of information to a finish.
Hearing what he said made Subaru slightly tremble, due to the fact that he had no records of defeat. It would be fine if there were no such records left, it surely cannot be that he was simply never defeated.
Subaru shuddered, thinking that him being undefeated for his entire life was a relevant possibility.
Subaru: “Oh, we’re here.”
Whilst they were conversing, they arrived at the room which had the staircase connecting to『Taygeta』.
Further up would be the library filled with『Books of the Dead』, and the third layer『Taygeta』shall welcome them.
Subaru: “ーーRam, would you mind guiding everyone for a bit? There’s something I want to talk about with Julius.”
Ram: “With Julius?”
Ram furrowed her eyebrows in response to Subaru, who had halted his feet.
Julius was also surprised to hear those words, but for the moment he did not object to it. Seeing them Ram straitened her light crimson eyes and sighed, looking back into Subaru’s black eyes.
A sigh which revealed grief, or perhaps, understanding,
Ram: “Kindly make sure you make it quick. It’ll get completely out of hand if Ram and the others also lose memories like Barusu upon reaching there.”
Subaru: “Don’t say such scary stuff. Though if amnesiac Ram becomes more meek and elegant, it’ll sure be a sight to see.”
Ram: “Ram does not, intend to forget, anything more.”
Subaru: “……You’re right. Please make sure you don’t get close to any weird book if you spot one.”
With that exchange done, Ram was the first one to start climbing the staircase.
For the moment he did not worry about misjudgments should it be left to her. Amongst all of these party members, he assessed Ram to be utmost worthy of such trust.
Subaru: “Meili, be lady-like. Hold hands with Emilia-chan or something at least.”
Meili: “That, is really upsetti~ng. You don’t have to treat me like a burden like thi~s. Naked onee-san already has grabbed my hand, even though I don’t want to grab he~r’s.”
Pouting, with one of her hands taken by Shaula and the other by Emilia, Meili was taken to『Taygeta』. Behind her was Beatrice, and last in line was Echidna, who looked back upon stepping onto the staircase.
Echidna: “Natsuki-kun.”
Subaru: “Hm?”
Echidna: “Please do be gentle.”
Leaving those words behind, Echidna headed to the upper layer.
Subaru scratched his head whilst viewing her back. It seemed that Echidna had probably seen through the reason why Subaru had Julius remain here.
And with the departure of all the females, the only ones left standing before the staircase were the two of Subaru and Julius,
Julius: “So, what did you want to talk about? You’ve gone out of your way to keep Emilia-sama and the others at a distance, can I believe that it is something very important?”
Subaru: “Something very important…… well, I guess so. Probably.”
Julius: “What an unclear way of speaking.”
Subaru: “It’s the kind of thing difficult to speak clearly.”
Subaru scratched his black hair in front of Julius, who had his back turned to the staircase.
The reason why he had Julius stop here was to confirm certain things. This also included what all he had been concerned about in the earlier conversation as wellーー,
“ーーーー”
Julius: “Subaru?”
Subaru: “Just wait. I’m organising my mind right now.”
Subaru pondered, pulling the thread of the problem which was tangled greater than expected.
He had left the search for the book onto Emilia and the others and had told Julius to stop here. The main focus of it being, of course,『Reid Astrea』.
Along with that, floating in Subaru’s mind was the previous loop, one of the acts of this great battle royale.
ーーHaving gained freedom, Reid battles Julius one-on-one, choosing that to be the reason for his final bit of reluctance.
Despite there being countless obstructions in the situation, that had been a scene truly deserving being called a one-on-one battle. However, the difference in their actual ability, perhaps including this aspect of being a psychological issue too, was absolute.
On top of that, he head heard that Julius had already fought, suffered and swallowed defeat at the hands of Reid once.
Adding that to the situation, Reid held some sort of attachment towards Julius.
Whether that was towards the person named Julius, he couldn’t help but feel that was the key to deciphering Reid. ーーHowever, the problem was how to utilize it.
Subaru: “Ah, what do you think about Reid? Do you like him?”
Julius: “ーー. What significance does that question hold, I wonder.”
Subaru: “Well, I just tried making the atmosphere less serious. The real one needs to be said just a bit differently. ーーWhat I really mean is whether you have the intent to win against Reid.”
Julius: “ーー~hk.”
What Subaru said with one eye closed, made Julius widen his yellow eyes. Witnessing vehement turmoil levitate in those eyes, Subaru took a short exhale.
He felt this to be both expected, and unexpected.
Subaru: “Disregarding stuff I’m not self-aware of myself…… this is a situation where cowering away in fright is not allowed, you know. They say the habit of losing starts becoming difficult to get rid of.”
Julius: “Subaru, you’re……”
Subaru: “Wicked, eh. The truth is that even I, after taking time and doing some stuff, do think that your daunted heart must be made to stand up again. I do think so, but we don’t have such time. You get it, right?”
“ーーーー”
Receiving Subaru’s question, Julius stiffened his cheeks and halted his breath.
Subaru and Julius interpreted the implication of the words “There’s no time” differently, yet he did possess identical unrest.
And surely, this was something the Subaru who was there until yesterday, was unable to do. Speaking the words which had to be conveyed to this wounded man who did not realise the restlessness of his own heart, and making him realise.
Perhaps, Natsuki Subaru was doing what『Natsuki Subaru』couldn’t.
Believing that this would be a certain strike, for breaking through the deadlock of this obstructive situationーー,
Subaru: “I’ll say it clearly, Julius. If you ask why, then that’s cause right now, I am invincible.”
Julius: “Invincible, huh…… that is, quite a large thing to say.”
Subaru: “I can say big stuff cause I’ve got no ties of obligations. I can’t stand seeing you all curled up after you’ve looked at me in the eye, looked at Echidna in the eye, and have spoken about Reid. I’ve got a nature where I influence others so I can’t really say for the others, but I’ll just close my eyes and say it clearly.”
Julius: “ーーI shall listen.”
Inhaling, adjusting his seated posture, Julius glared towards Subaru.
Accepting that earnest gaze, Subaru resumed.
Subaru: “That is that, this is this.”
Julius: “ーーHuh.”
Julius gave a dumbfounded response to Subaru’s confident declaration.
With that Julius before him, Subaru opened his arms wide and,
Subaru: “I know it got awkward since you were looking at me. The me until yesterday probably was responsible for doing something to you. What that me who was there until yesterday did will not disappear from this world, but it has indeed disappeared from my mind.”
Julius: “I, suppose so. That is correct. However, I am……”
Subaru: “Hear it till the end. Since I’m in that state, there’s a need for us to establish our relationship from scratch. At the very least, that goes for the relationship with my present self. Forget about the me who was there until yesterday for now.”
“ーーーー”
With the tides of conversation taking a rather violent turn, Julius yet remained unable to recover from drowning in his earlier unease.
A terribly overbearing logic. He had not managed to fully convey what he wanted to whatsoever.
The truth was that Subaru was borrowing the strength of Emilia, Beatrice, Julius and the restーー whom had been influenced by『Natsuki Subaru』, those being his achievements.
However, right now he shall borrow merely the positive aspects of that influence, and discard the negative ones.
Becauseーー,
Subaru: “In our party, you’re the strongest. That’s why, it’ll be you who will be clashing with Reid. Even if we find the capture book all well and good, the fighting will still be on you.”
Of course, he had also considered Reid’s attachment, the opponent’s desire to have a one-on-one battle with Julius.
However, Subaru did not intend to surrender this spot. Even if he ignored the fact that Emilia had already secured victory, Ram, Shaula, Echidna, Meili, Beatrice, out of everyone Subaru knew, surely nobody would be willing to surrender before that scene.
Subaru: “I understand you’re scared. I also understand you’re perplexed. I deeply apologize on behalf of the me who was there until yesterday. ーーConsider all of that, switch over, and fight.”
Julius: “……I have, already lost to him, twice.”
Subaru: “I know. But, next time, win.”
“ーーーー”
The number of defeats was greater by one from what he had known.
However, in this circumstance, it was unrelated and of little significance.
Subaru: “Our calculations will eventually be that you will have to win. I thought of various match ups in my mind, but before having the girls do their best, we, the men, will have to do our best, or it’ll be a disgrace to knighthood.”
Julius: “ーーDisgrace. My current self, bringing disgrace to knighthood, huh.”
Before Subaru, who had his fist clenched out, Julius closed his eyes and whispered with a soft tone, lowering his head.
Astonished, astrayed, wounded, defeated, and now finally by means of a logic akin to violently being grabbed by the collars, Julius was trifled by Subaru’s words.
That was something which made him change his elegant expression, into one far unlike what Subaru had expectedーー,
Julius: “Just as how Miss Ram had stated, I’ve started to doubt whether you’ve truly lost memories. Or perhaps instead, are you pretending to not have memories in order to stop me from abandoning the sword out of fear?”
Subaru: “I’d go so far, even making Emilia-chan’s smiling face dull? You retard, I’d never do something so roundabout. Besides, above all, even without me doing that you’d still not let go of the sword and fight for everyone, won’t you.”
Julius: “That is…… contradicting. You’re truly trying to put strain on my frightened heart right now, huh.”
Subaru: “No. That’s wrong. What you lack isn’t courage. You’ve got courage properly packed up in here. ーーWhat you lack is the determination to win. The spirit of rivalry, competitiveness.”
Subaru got closer, having his clenched out fist touched Julius’ chest.
Receiving his words and his fist, Julius inhaled.
“ーーーー”
Subaru’s words possessed no lies.
In the earlier loop, despite being driven into a corner against the Witch Beasts and Reid, Julius did not let go of his sword, did not lose to despair, and conveyed the words “I’m leaving that to you” to Subaru.
And should the other side of those words be seen, they couldn’t mean anything else but “Leave this to me”.
Under those circumstances, Julius had certainly said.
ーーTo leave Reid Astrea, up to him.
And witnessing him say so had been the end.
That is whyーー,
Subaru: “……I have not seen, the settlement. Neither my memories of everything until yesterday. That is why, I’ve not been acquainted to you, losing to Reid, even once.”
Julius, Julius Juukulius, had not lost.
This knight, this man, had not lost even once, in front of Natsuki Subaru.
That is why, no matter what anyone may say, Natsuki Subaru shall not surrender the settlement.
He shall persist expecting Julius Juukulius, to defeat Reid Astrea.
Subaru: “I will leave Reid Astrea, up to you. Defeat that utmost troublesome enemy. In exchange, I will…… try my hand, using my own ways, at everything else.”
“ーーーー”
Subaru: “Can’t you hear me, Julius. Answer your friend’s expectations.”
Earlier was to put the weight of expectations on him, now was to forcefully drive hope into him.
Subaru’s fist prodded Julius’ chest once again.
That single gesture, and Julius touched his chest.
Continuing to have his hand touch his chest, Julius stepped back, and took a deep breath.
A deep, deep, deep, deep breath, and,
Julius: “……How come can you, having lost memories of everything until yesterday, are able to expect that much from me?”
Subaru: “That’s…… the kind of image I had. Kind of like my impression. Like your looks, the way you talk, the way you behave, what you wield, what you wear, the way you eat, the way you walk, it’s the art of synthesising from all that kind of stuff.”
Subaru replied without alluding to the previous loop, making him clench his chest in ache.
Without even planning to, both Subaru and Julius faced each other whilst touching their chests. At the same pace, Julius corrected his posture whilst still having his hand at his chest, and slowly raised his hips.
With elegant, beautiful, natural conduct, seemingly something a knight in some story would do.
Julius: “Impression, huh.”
Subaru: “Y-Yeah. It’s the way you appear. Your everything, makes me expect this much.”
Julius: “Is that so…… My appearance, made you think that way, isn’t it.”
The tone of Julius’ voice changed, whilst he remained to have his head lowered.
Until then, Julius’ tone of voice gave the impression of being touched someplace difficult to touch, but now, though extremely slight, strength returned to it, softness lodged abode, warmth budded into it once again, that was the impression it gave.
Andーー,
Julius: “Forgotten by the world, forgotten by you, the only one who remembered me, failing to ascertain my master’s existence, it became unclear where my self was. However, despite being in that state ーーeverything I have fostered until now, has not disappeared. That is what I’d like to say, at least.”
Subaru: “Not so wise or collected, but that’s what the nuance is.”
Julius accepted Subaru’s shoddy and convoluted words in a wise, polished form.
Subaru had thought that he hadn’t been able to convey everything he wanted to just a moment ago. However, he felt that the listener had selected something close to the everything he wanted to convey.
Subaru: “Well, it was kind of like a conversation on notions, I guess you could call it a psychological discussion, but it felt like the psychological problem was serious, so was I correct?”
Julius: “Heh. Why would you become timid with regards to that? Weren’t you supposed to be invincible, I wonder?”
Subaru: “Well, even if Mario picks up a star, if he falls into a hole he still dies, you know……”
Though Julius furrowed his eyebrows hearing the illogical metaphor, he did not press further.
It seemed like that was something also associated to『Natsuki Subaru』, and that it was an understood notion to ignore his meaningless persiflage, so it felt unquestionably strange.
Regardlessーー,
Subaru: “Have you become a bit forward-looking now?”
Julius: “Well, I wonder. Ultimately, your words were of destitute concreteness and were more of psychological discussion, and, it’s not as if all of the various things which happened to me have changed dramatically.”
Subaru: “You……”
Julius: “But”
Pausing his words there, Julius narrowed his eyes whilst looking at Subaru.
And, suddenly loosening his lips,
Julius: “ーーThat is that, this is this.”
With unbefitting words, he concluded this exchange.


Chapter 60
ーーThat is that, this is this.
Ending their conversation with that, Subaru and Julius both experienced a strange sensation.
The truth was, he did not know if he had managed to reach close to Julius’ convoluted heart. What he ended up thinking of was whether there could’ve been better words, a more perfect way of action, a further beautiful way of connection.
A way of action which could’ve overwritten this absurd reality, instead of reaching a reckless conclusion like “that is that, this is this”.
Julius: “But, it is very befitting of you. For better or worse, you see.”
Subaru: “……Is that so, eh. You know, how much of what befits me overlaps with the me until yesterday, actually quite concerns with my present self’s identity.”
Julius: “In terms of the establishment of one’s self, my former self was very much greatly shaken as well. As one who’s already tasted the same crisis, let me give you some advice. ーーThat is that, this is this.”
Subaru: “Oh shut up!”
Subaru howled in response to Julius’ ridicule of their earlier banter. Julius shrugged his shoulders at his objection and seemingly had an air of composure.
Indeed, it appeared he seriously did manage to make his heart stand up once again a bit. Although they had been words quite immature and maladroit, it was all thanks to the listener being apt.
Regardless, whilst the two of them interacted in that fashionーー,
Shaula: “Master-sama~, are you done~?”
Subaru: “Oh? Shaula?”
Behind them, peeking from the top of the staircase leading to the third layer was Shaula, calling out to him.
With her black braid dangling down as she peered down to the lower floor, she was looking at them with her voluptuous chest touching the floor.
Subaru: “Why so well-behaved? Were you that kind of a character?”
Shaula: “Well, when Master-sama’s talking to someone one-to-one then that’s when it’s some real solid talk, isn’t it. So I was told before to stay away cause I break the mood if I’m there, so I’m just abiding by that…… oh right, Master-sama has forgotten everything!”
Subaru: “Solid talk and breaking the mood, eh……”
Subaru furrowed his eyebrows in response to Shaula, who was laughing earnestly and openly. Seeing Subaru, Shaula then jumped and descended from the staircase in one breath.
Jumping over two hundred stairs, Shaula made a silent landing onto the floor. She then proceeded to stand beside Subaru and grab his arm into her chest.
Subaru: “I’ve told you several times already, stop doing this kind of stuff. Emilia-chan will have a misunderstanding.”
Julius: “Hmm, Emilia-sama huh?”
Subaru: “Don’t hmm me. There’s just that small possibility, you know. Even if it’s a possibility as absurd as finding a needle in a desert, it’s still a possibility.”
Saying so, Subaru forcefully unfastened Shaula’s arms. Upon that gesture, Shaula said “A~h” and pouted with a dissatisfied expression,
Shaula: “Master-sama is so mean. Treating me like this when I’m thirsting for warmth.”
Subaru: “If you’re thirsting for warmth then go hug Meili or Beatrice. Both of their body temperatures are pretty warm since they’re kids…… Beatrice, she’s pretty warm for being four hundred years old.”
Bringing that to light by connecting the shocking truth had been confirmed earlier and the truth he had ascertained several times, Subaru was shaken by Beatrice’s little girl energy.
The conclusion, she’ll always remain a little girl no matter how many years she may live.
Shaula: “Boo. I won’t report anything to the cold Master-sama. It’s the disciple’s strike. The manager is to listen to the voice of the workers.”
Subaru: “Ah, geez, I get it I get it. I’ll positively handle and improve the labour conditions, so let us hear your report. Did something happen?”
Shaula: “It’s suspicious whether you’ll really improve them. But but, I’m an obedient, cute disciple so I’ll answer! ーーReid’s book has been found.”
Subaru: “……Huh?”
So articulated Shaula as she distanced her braid and shoulders away.
Subaru widened his eyes upon how unexpected those words were. Julius also widened his eyes just as much.
Julius: “Miss Shaula, what did you say just now?”
Shaula: “Li~ke I~ sai~d, I’m saying Reid’s book has been found. Something like the book which has that scum’s name on it, I personally think it’d be better to just burn it and throw it away. You think so too, right, Master-sama?”
Subaru: “Ha, ha, ha……”
Shaula: “Hahaha? Master-sama, is that a laugh?”
Lowering her hips, Shaula looked at Subaru’s face from below. Looking back into her black eyes teeming with rustic simplicity and naivete, Subaru opened his mouth.
And shouted.
Subaru: “ーーThat should be the first thing you say!!”

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
Emilia: “Ah! Look, Subaru! We found Reid’s book!”
Said Emilia with a wide smile and voice like the chime of a silver bell, noticing Subaru climb up the staircase.
What she pointed toward with her hand was the bulky book Ram was carrying in her arms. It seems that was Reid’s『Book of the Dead』. It got found rather quickly.
The library, filled with a vast amount of books no matter where one lookedーー it was unknown from which age this existed, but if this recorded all of the dead in this world, then the amount of books was rather suitable.
Subaru: “Good job finding the book we aimed for amongst all of this. While I was busy with Julius’ counselling…… therapy? Aromatherapy? Something like that.”
Emilia: “Caoonselliing……? Ah, I don’t really get it but, hehehe, isn’t it quite something. But, I’m not the one who found it.”
Emilia, with her chest puffed up, stated the achievement wasn’t her’s.
What that implied was immediately made clear by her subsequent actions. Emilia gently pushed forward the dark blue haired young girl hugging her waist,
Emilia: “Meili is the one who found it. Isn’t it meritorious?”
Subaru: “Who says meritorious in this day and age…… but that aside, so Meili found it! That’s certainly meritorious! Good work.”
Accepting Emilia’s words, Subaru then automatically commended the achiever as well.
With her arms around Emilia’s slim waist, and whilst she was being caressed by her, Meili averted her eyes out of embarrassment in response to Subaru’s words.
Meili: “N-Not really. It was a book that just caught my eye, and I just happened to mention it. It got found just slightly quickly, so I don’t think it’s anything grea~t.”
Subaru: “Don’t be stupid. You can brag about what you did well just fine! Really good, Meili. You’ve nullified the negative of trying to push me back to zero right away, huh!”
Meili: “By something this si~mple!?”
Meili widened her eyes in surprise, as Subaru overbearingly brushed her head. Meili didn’t take a liking to it, saying “My hair will get dishevele~d!” but that simply made Subaru relax his cheeks.
Subaru: “It’s fine. It was just an attempt anyway, and you compensated for it with a big achievement, let’s agree to that.”
“ーーーー”
Subaru: “So, Reid’s book…… nobody has seen it yet, right?”
Meili tried saying something in response to the smiling Subaru, but remained with her mouth closed.
Whilst keeping Meili’s faltering within his vision, Subaru turned his attention to the book for the moment, which was the root subject.
The book Ram was carryingーー the patterns drawn at its back cover, those were characters Subaru couldn’t read.
Neither did it possess a bizarre sensation like giving Reid’s vibes upon a single glance.
Subaru: “No matter how unconventional the actual person himself may be, the book recording that doesn’t resound that, huh.”
Ram: “If the binding was meaninglessly over the top, or if the title aggressively self-asserted itself then it would’ve been easier to find. It’s helpful that Meili made up for that and found it.”
Subaru: “See, look, Meili! Even Ram is complimenting you! That one and only Ram! This Ram! You really can be glad about it…… ghe~gh.”
Ram: “Kindly shut up.”
With his side gouged by her fingers, Subaru collapsed in agony at the same spot. And after quietening Subaru, Ram lightly shook the book in her arms,
Ram: “There’s what happened with Barusu. It’d be a disaster if one did something rash and lost memories like Barusu did. That is why, it’s been shown to nobody.”
Subaru: “W-We, haven’t confirmed if the reason for my memory loss, is that, book……”
Ram: “Hah!”
The comment, which didn’t convince him alone, was slashed down by Ram’s laugh.
The truth was, it was nearly impossible that his memory loss and the『Book of the Dead』were unrelated. Even if they’ve found the book they aimed to, it was only natural that they would have disputes over how it was to be utilised.
Beatrice: “So, the book has properly been found, in fact. What remains is using it, I suppose.”
So remarked Beatrice, having the same train of thought as Subaru.
Receiving her words, everyone’s joy for having discovered the book was then coated with nervousness. This one book was capable of causing memory loss should its usage be mistaken. That was the same as gulping down a medicine of unknown identity. Reluctance was natural.
Echidna: “So should we, discuss and conjecture the dangers?”
Subaru: “Discuss and conjecture the dangers…… is that even possible, Echidna?”
Echidna: “Conjecture is possible only on the basis of events that have already occurred and bits and pieces of information, though.”
Saying so, Echidna raised her hands and shrugged.
Afterwards she raised her index finger,
Echidna: “First, the riskiness of the『Book of the Dead』…… just as what Natsuki-kun’s present condition indicates, there exists the possibility of losing one’s memories. From what Natsuki-kun said, the memories which spill and fall out are rather in fragments…… though I suppose, in this case it would be better to call the remaining memories to be in fragments?”
The portion which spilled over and the portion which remained, the amount of the former was overwhelmingly greater. What Echidna said was correct.
However, what slightly deviated from the truth here was that Subaru used memory loss and its remnants as camouflage in order to hide『Return by Death』.
The truth was, around the first time when he had lost memories in its truest sense, Subaru had lost memories of everythingーー after arriving in the different world, rather.
Henceforth, it would be better to think that the amnesia made no pardons. Right now, the only actual precedent set was that Subaru merely did not lose himself due to the memory loss.
Had he lost not only episodic memories, but also his own self.
When he thought about that, he shuddered.
ーーAt the same time, why did he not lose memories of just the different world but those of the former world as well, that question also posed within Subaru’s mind.
Echidna: “The reason for the amnesia is also possible to speculate about. First, memories are erased as indemnification for reading the『Book of the Dead』. That is difficult to consider, keeping in mind the differences in cases of Natsuki-kun and Julius, who’ve both read the books.”
Beatrice: “Don’t really want to think about it, but…… there is also the possibility of losing a small bit of memories, in fact. If what’s being read and the memories that get erased are proportional in amount, then that induction would also be logical, I suppose.”
Julius: “I agree. In other words, the reason why Subaru’s and my circumstances are different, is due to the difference in the amount of books read…… it would coincide with the Subaru whom Miss Meili had witnessed last night.”
“ーーーー”
Beatrice objected to Echidna’s inference, which was then affirmed by Julius.
Listening to his intelligent party members converse, Subaru nodded in response.
Subaru: “In order words, the voluminousness of the books read possibly has something to do with the loss of memories?”
Echidna: “It means that would also be a possible way of interpretation. In the case of this inference being affirmed, the ones who should force their eyes through Reid’s『Book of the Dead』are us, who haven’t read a single『Book of the Dead』before. It may be dangerous for Natsuki-kun and Julius, who’ve already read them.”
“ーーーー”
The view that the one with experience should read it and the view that one without experience should read it ran counter to each other.
Both sides were logical, and it was difficult to conceive either side as wrong. However, what made him curious then wasーー,
Subaru: “Then, what about me, who’s already lost memories once? If the condition for losing memories is to accumulate information from『Books of the Dead』, have I been reset? Or not?”
Ram: “That is quite a grave issue. If Barusu’s memories are lost again, and everything has to be explained again…… even the thought of it makes one shudder.”
Subaru: “Your language made me shudder too!”
Emilia: “Mm…… I’m also rea~lly worried, about that. I don’t want Subaru to forget all sorts of things, again.”
Emilia and Ram affirmed the concern Subaru wielded in their own ways.
In all honesty, the questions had no end to them. It was unknown whether reading a large number of people made them disappear, or if a smaller number of people was dangerous.
He couldn’t say it openly, but Subaru also possessed the memories of reading Meili’s『Book of the Dead』in the previous loop. Would that count as having read one book this time as well.
Meili: “Wha~t? Does that look in your eyes say that you’re thinking of just making me read as expiation, e~h? That hu~rt.”
Subaru: “There’s no way. If you say stupid stuff, you’ll be grounded.”
Meili: “It’s abu~se. Isn’t the way you treat prisoners even more mean than back when we were in the mansion, hu~h.”
Subaru scolded in response to Meili’s ill humoured joke which she remarked upon accepting his gaze. Subsequently, Meili pouted her cheeks, grabbed Shaula and Emilia’s hands and hid behind them.
Though quite self-interested, that is how cute children should be. Subaru smiled wryly before Meili’s attitude, and then turned back towards Echidna.
Subaru: “So, do you have any other ideas?”
Echidna: “Let’s see. Whether we, who have the leeway of a single book more than Julius, are to read it or if Julius, who’s already experienced it, is to read it or if Natsuki-kun, whose memories have already possibly overflown once, is to read it……”
Subaru: “Can I make a comment really convenient to me? ーーI think it’s best if I read it.”
Beatrice: “Subaru……”
Echidna brought up the list of candidates, and Beatrice grasped Subaru’s hand when he responded. Subaru winked whilst looking into her gaze, tinted with a deeper colour of concern than one of unease.
Beatrice: “This is no time for bad jokes, in fact. His own memories, Subaru will……”
Subaru: “No, I don’t want to lose my memories, of course. But this is the appropriate call in terms of risk management. No matter how you look at it, I’m the person with the least possibility of putting everyone in danger by losing memories. I’m the weakest one out of all of us, after all.”
Well, he did want to say he wasn’t weaker than at least Meili, but it was a well-known fact that he couldn’t win against any of the others.
He would be easy to subdue, and since he had already lost memories once, the way to cope with it would also be simple.
The issue was, Subaru had already accumulated memories of four laps which mustn’t be forgotten.
That is whyーー,
Subaru: “I’m not throwing down the gauntlet with the intention to forget. But, we are a team. Everyone needs to bear some sort of responsibility for the sake of everyone.”
“ーーーー”
Subaru: “Julius is charged with fighting, Echidna is charged with intellect, Ram is charged with having a wicked tongue, Meili is charged with being cute, Beatrice is charged with being cute, Emilia-chan is charged with being the beautiful heroine, Shaula is charged with photogenic scenes, if you think about it that way then I should be the one charged with this.”
Beatrice: “For some reason, it feels like there are way too many pointless positions……”
Shaula: “Not at all! When the plot takes a turn for the worse, romantic scenes are important! If it’s for art and Master-sama then I’ll take off my clothes!”
Subaru: “No, if you take any more clothes off then I’ll pull out, so you don’t have to do your best.”
Shaula: “The ladder slipped!”
Everyone here knew, that this was Subaru’s way of comforting them. In response to Subaru’s speech and conduct whilst he presumed upon that, the first one to sigh was Beatrice, who still had his hand gripped.
She took a deep inhale and then turned her eyes towards Subaru.
Beatrice: “Geez, if things take this sort of a turn then Subaru will never budge no matter what, I suppose. That part of you hasn’t changed even after losing memories, in fact. That is already a well-known fact seeing what happened with Meili, I suppose.”
Subaru: “E~h, but, you love me with all my qualities, right? I’ll blush.”
Beatrice: “Don’t get cocky, in fact!”
He spanked the blushing Beatrice around her hips.
However, her words did not possess the nuance of denial. And it seems the same went for the rest of the members as well.
Ram: “You’re getting mashed if you forget your promise with Ram.”
Subaru: “What’s that, right when I was having such a nice monologue!?”
Ram: “What indeed.”
Snorting her nose, Ram then turned the book she held in her arms to Subaru.
Profoundly tasting the heavy sensation of the book with his arms, Subaru smiled bitterly.
Emilia: “Even if we tell you to not be reckless, Subaru will still be reckless, isn’t it…… I think that part of you is rea~lly unfair. I’m always worried.”
Subaru: “I have nothing to say but apologise for that. But, just as how much Emilia-chan is worried, I’m worried about you the same amount…… what do you think. Would that be presumptuous?”
Emilia: “It makes me happy that Subaru would think that way. That’s why, I feel rea~lly convoluted. Come back no matter what…… even if we make a promise like that, Subaru will break it anyways so I won’t make that promise.”
Subaru: “The fact that the me until yesterday couldn’t be trusted this much instead gets my heart throbbing. I wonder what the hell did he do.”
Shrugging his shoulders upon Emilia’s pleasant words, Subaru asked “Am I right?” to those surrounding them. And upon that, he noticed everyone but Shaula and Meili had all averted their eyes away.
Regardless of Beatrice and Ram, who were in the same camp as him, it seemed that Subaru’s breaking of promises had reached even Julius and Echidna.
Regardlessーー,
Subaru: “I’ll read it, no objections, right?”
Echidna: “……In the end, I am unable to come up with any inference or suspicion. Though if possible, I wanted to opt for the eyes which would be the least endangered out of everyone here.”
Echidna apologetically lowered her eyebrows before Subaru, who was lightly holding the book.
What she said was true, and the fact that she had been concerned for everyone was unquestionable. That is why, Subaru was able to respond earnestly to her saying “Don’t let it bother you”.
Subaru: “Well, for now, I’ll dive into it. If I lose my memories, then put me down with ice and explain everything to me gently.”
Beatrice: “Nobody, is going to perform such a violent act, in fact……”
Subaru: “I know. Because you’re kind.”
Caressing the perturbed Beatrice on her head, he gently pressed her wide forehead. Beatrice pouted with a discontent expression, and took a single step backward.
And with everyone’s gazes focusing on him, Subaru sat down on the spot, crossed his legs, and took an immensely deep inhale.
ーーAtop his knees, Reid Astrea’s『Book of the Dead』.
“ーーーー”
Upon concentrating on it, there definitely was certain ominousness eminating from the book.
A similar sensation also existed back when he read Meili’s, her『Book of the Dead』, but the sense of intimidation this book had was far greater. Perhaps what the reader could feel changed depending on whose book was taken. ーーJust what kind of a life, would he be made to read, he pondered.
And, would Subaru’s memories be able to withstand it.
“ーーーー”
Putting his hand on the front cover of the book, Subaru, for merely once, looked towards everyone who was watching over him.
Beatrice, Meili, Ram, Echidna, Julius, Shaula, were observing him.
Andーー,
Emilia: “ーーSubaru.”
Subaru: “Well then, I’ll be leaving. I may get late coming back, so you can go ahead and have dinner.”
Emilia: “……Stupid.”
Seen off by that smile of Emilia’s, Subaru turned the front cover of the『Book of the Dead』over.
Upon that instant, the characters written on the book glowed, and Subaru was made to undergo a hallucination as though information was being smited into his brain via his eyeballs.
And in but a moment, his consciousness was taken in towards the bookーー,
ーーHis consciousness, was detached from the library, and propelled towards darkness.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
ーーWhat he felt when he read Meili’s『Book of the Dead』, had become quite amorphous now.
The spectacles he had witnessed, the life she had walked, the paths she had trodden were distinct in their own ways.
However, his memories were of witnessing those spectacles, tangibly speaking, becoming one with whose name was the title of the 『Book of the Dead』, and being made to personally experience those subjective thoughts, sights.
To summarize, the journey of treading through the content of the『Book of the Dead』, was to assimilate into that person.
In those moments, the Natsuki Subaru witnessing the contents of the book was『Meili Portroute』.
That is precisely why, it could be believed that queer self consciousness which bore the presence of Meili, as『Me』, constantly shadowed Subaru’s consciousness from close vicinity.
If that was the potency of the『Book of the Dead』, then right now, what Subaru was supposed to be laying his eyes on was the life of Reid Astrea, his subjective world within his incomprehensible thinking.
What he thought, what he liked, what he disliked, what he loved, what he despised, what he achieved.
He was supposed to become one with the philosophy of Reid Astrea, and be shown his life.
Thus, Subaru noticed the abnormality at once.
ーーThe place where he was, right now, definitely was not that past of Reid Astrea’s.
Subaru: “……Ah?”
He stood in a white, white location.
His environs, unduly spacious, white, ambiguous space of no visible end stretched across, and without knowing where his self was, Subaru was exhausted of reason.
He could see his hands. He could see his legs. Upon turning his neck, his torso and hips were also there.
In other words, Subaru’s body was here. This did not coincide with the phenomena that had occured in Meili’s『Book of the Dead』. Unable to concur, he was thrown into an unnatural circumstance.
From what he could see, Subaru’s attire was the same as when he decided to read the『Book of the Dead』.
Whether that was due to Subaru recognising that he would look like this in this『Present Condition』, or the will of something else, like the work of the library’s will, hence reconstructing Subaru in that form.
He did not want to consider that the moment he read the book, his entire body got captured withinーー,
???: “ーーWell well? Oh onii-san, you’ve come here again?”
Subaru: “ーー~hk.”
Suddenly, Subaru’s shoulders sprang up upon hearing a voice which wasn’t his own, but that of another.
The voice came from behind, Subaru spontaneously jumped ahead and subsequently turned around, making a circle, remaining vigilant. In response to Subaru’s spasmodic conduct, the personage behind rounded eyes.
Subaru: “ーーWho are you.”
Looking at that person, Subaru whispered openly, with perplexity and bafflement.
That was his encounter with someone, completely unexpected and unknown to Subaru.
The one standing there, was a young girl Subaru had never seen before.
Pale toned, with hair lengthy, truly lengthy, like transparent gold threads. They spanned across the white floor, submerging underfoot her standing self like a sea of golden.
Large, round, blue eyes, limbs like transparent porcelain. On the other hand, she wore unshapely clothes on her body, seemingly crude, pale cloths attached together, hurting her beautiful impression.
“ーーーー”
A young girl he had never seen before. That was how it was supposed to be.
However, before that young girl’s form, Subaru narrowed his eyes and rubbed his eyelids with the back of his hand. A gesture to seemingly recover the field of vision from haze, but her visible form didn’t change.
Even after looking at her yet again, she remained a young girl whom he was unacquainted with. ーーHe felt his memories, throb faintly.
???: “Did you calm down a bit, onii-san?”
Subaru: “What’s this place…… no, who are you? Which one should I ask first?”
???: “How covetous, onii-san. But, the quality of vomiting out the honest emotion of wanting to ask both is certainly not bad. We, love covetous people, you see.”
Saying so, in response to the baffled Subaru, the young girl cleaved her lips sideways and smiled.
Yes, she smiled, and that was the only befitting expression for describing that smile.
The young girl was thirteen to fourteen years of age, but gave the impression of being even younger.
Coupled with her well-featured physical appearance, unquestionably, a smile would suit the young girl, and yet.
In Subaru’s eyes, her smile, seemed ominous.
His instincts conjectured, as though, the soul of this young girl, had belittled a great number of lives.
And whilst Subaru shuddered, before him, the young girl reported.
???: “This place is, lonesome white, the final destination of the soul. The cradle of Od Lagna. ーーThe Hall of Memories.”
Subaru: “Hall of, Memories……?”
???: “Yes yes, the Hall of Memories. Andーー”
Subaru widened his eyes upon hearing the term unheard of.
Whilst making a satisfied expression upon seeing Subaru’s reaction, the young girl, spoke.
Whilst smiling, the malice which had taken the shape of a young girl, vocalised.
Louis: “ーーWe are, Witch Cult Sin Archbishop representing『Gluttony』, Louis Arneb.”
“ーーーー”
Louis: “Pretty sure it’ll be for a short while again, but please be caring, onii-san.”


Chapter 61
ーーThe『Hall of Memories』and『Louis Arneb』.

“ーーーー”

Yes, in front of the yellow-haired young girl who had responded to his query, Subaru remained silent.
Within the unanticipated space of white, the happenstance meeting with the unanticipated young girl. And, the know-it-all expression of the young girl set up an ambience as though she would be willing to talk about a multitude of thingsーー,

Subaru: “……First of all, Witch Cult or『Gluttony』, Sin Archbishop, what the hell do they even mean.”

Louis: “Awa~ ~tsu.”

At Subaru’s remark, whilst he folded his arms and tilted his head, Louis put her hand on her mouth and smiled widely.
If that moment alone was to be excluded, the solitary girl standing still within the illusion-like spectacle of sheer white was a location capable of being an artwork masterpiece, but the alarm of Subaru’s instincts had been turbulently ringing since earlier.

Subaru’s survival instincts which were highly likely to be of no avail, as a result of being brought up in the tranquil modern day Japan. The reason why they were excited, was a matter of course due to the heterogeneous aura of this young girl.
Along with that, this was the result of being visited with unforeseen circumstances, so it was halfway something which could not have been helped butーー pertaining to this existence wielding such know-it-all airs, the knowledge Subaru was endowed with was seemingly insufficient.

It was also the case with what she had said just now, Witch Cult, Sin Archbishop, Hall of Memories and whatnot. Perchance, it may have been ordinary knowledge in this world, but unfortunately Subaru possessed no change of such ordinary general knowledge in his hand.
Consequently, he found launching a progressive question to be difficult as wellーー,

Louis: “ーーThe Witch Cult you see is, basically, a gathering of people loathed by this world.”

Subaru: “Oh?”

Louis: “Even onii-san must have at least heard the name『Witch of Envy』, no? The Witch Cult, has a deep connection with that Witch-sama…… we~ll, you can think of it as something like followers.”

Subaru: “……Then, what you said just now, refers to Sin Archbishop, huh.”

Sin and archbishop, had quite a strong ambience of running counter to each other as a combination, but was a naming which suited Subaru’s sense down to a tee.
For upon hearing it even once,

Subaru: “It can be understood it’s the name of a villain.”

Louis: “Oh no, well no, ah no, as it’s no, we’re telling you no, even though it’s no you kno~w.”

Horizontally shaking her head in refusal, Louis embraced her own petite body in Subaru’s line of sight. With no signs of the smile fading away from those lips, her refusal was merely in appearance as well.
It was a young girl with her true feelings beyond perception. ーーNo, perhaps it should be said they were vague, with no point to grip on.

Louis: “Don’t tease a tender young girl with such words, onii-san. Even we get hurt, you know? Because we are the owner of a heart more fragile and easy to hurt than all others.”

Subaru: “Not convincing at all. Also, the way you use your first person pronoun, is it cause it’s stuck to your character? Or is it a cool appeal like a one man army. We or us, it’s not stable, you know.”

Louis: “A~h…… you don’t have to worry about that. It’s just that, there are too many selves, so it’s getting airy as to which one is to be the subject, that’s all. At this point, we’re actually getting sick of it, you know.”

Whilst saying so, Louis lightly oriented her gaze downwards, continuing her words saying “But”.

Louis: “It can’t be helped, isn’t it. They are gifts from onii-chan and nii-sama after all, must earnestly accept them or it’ll be disqualification as a little sister. We’re siblings so we must help each other out and cooperate, you know.”

Subaru: “……Well, you’re an adorable little sister, considerate of your elder brothers. I was the only child so I’m jealous.”

Louis: “Is that so eh? Onii-san may have also gotten a little brother or little sister about now, no?”

Subaru: “Could you stop saying terrifying stuff!? I don’t want to imagine that!?”

Regardless, his parents were an intimate married couple, so something like that actually meant no jest.
If it’s that father and mother of his, they would have another child upon Subaru’s disappearanceーー no, inconceivable.

“ーーーー”

Should Subaru disappear, they would continue searching until they find him, that’s how Subaru’s parents were.
What must have his mother thought of her son, who did not even say any greetings when leaving. What must have his father felt, upon getting to know about that.

He wished, that Subaru’s summoning into the different world was a reincarnation, is what his belief was.
Must he make his parents taste the agony of searching for their disappeared son, then Subaru wanted to say that he came to the different world after dying. That was much more comfortable. It had much more, salvation.
That is whyーー,

Louis: “ーーWe understand, onii-san.”

Subaru: “ーー~hk! Don’t joke around!”

He felt indignant for Louis, who was peering at Subaru from below, carrying the hair which buried the floor in both of her arms.
It was not as if she had spoken of his current uneasiness. It was merely that having his bitter expression observed, he had been told as if she understood Subaru’s sentiments.
Finding that to be terribly infuriating, Subaru shouted at Louis, and turned his back towards her.

Subaru: “As if you know anything about me! Saying things as you plea……”

Louis: “ーーYou’re inexcusably apologetic towards dad, and mom, aren’t you? Without having said a single word of farewell, you’re regretting how disobedient of a son you were. No, you were always regretting. Both now and earlier, isn’t it?”

“ーーーー”

Yes, with the purport of being aware, whilst continuing the remarks of one showing to be a sympathiser, Louis softly hugged Subaru’s back.
A small, petite frame. Subaru halted his breath and stiffened his body.
Not because of having been nestled close to by the young girl. Because of the very content of the young girl’s words.
Those comments of one showing to be a sympathiser, had unmistakably, however, guessed the end of Subaru’s heart correctly.

Louis: “Why do we understand, you say? Isn’t it obvious we’d understand. Because there’s not a single person who knows about onii-san as much as we or us do, after all.”

Subaru: “ーーDon’t touch me!”

Louis: “Ah.”

Louis harboured a sour look on her lips at Subaru, who swung his arms, raised his breath and took distance.
What the hell. Do females of unknown character in this world, have no hesitation at all in having physical contact with unfamiliar men. Too over-familiar.
It was frightening to possibly abandon the heart weakened by the warmth of that body.

Subaru: “What’s the deal, with you! What do you want to say!”

Louis: “We just want onii-san to be relieved, we’re telling you. It’s alright, it’s alright. There’s a pro~per fullstop, on your feelings for dad and mom. Even if it may be one-sided, it’s with the intention of facing them. Your heart got relaxed, we’re telling you. Pretence, you see.”

“ーーーー”

Whilst deriding, Louis had the nails of her right hand stab into her left arm. With the note of scratching, with vigour one would flinch from pain by simply witnessing, she began wounding that thin, white arm.
At Subaru, who knitted his eyebrows upon that deed, Louis unraveled her frighteningly scarlet, long tongue,

Louis: “Pretence, is completely healthy. It makes it look as if there are no problems within one’s heart at all. You’re skilled at it, onii-san, isn’t it. It’s sad that you’re skilled at it, onii-san, isn’t it.”

Subaru distorted his lips, at the speech which seemingly terribly abraded the interior of his chest.
Now on he must abide by the alarm bell of his instinct, which’s way of ringing may undergo change should he go along with her anymore.

Subaru: “I, don’t get what you want to say. I don’t get it, but it’ll become an injury so stop. Well then, let’s play the catch of conversation. No beamers allowed. Let’s keep in mind to only throw curveballs.”

Louis: “Mutually?”

Subaru: “Mutually. Yeah, for example…… let’s continue the conversation about Sin Archbishops, from earlier.”

Without staying on board with Louis’ way, Subaru returned the topic to what it was just recently.
If he got to know Sin Archbishop was Sin Archbishop literally, then he had some knowledge of the associativity between the words sin and『Gluttony』.

Subaru: “If you are『Gluttony』, then there must be six other similar people, no?”

Louis: “If onii-chan and nii-sama were also to be included, then that would make exactly six, we guess? Ah, but, it got reduced by two people recently so there may be four people now. If only those two could just die quickly as well, you know.”

Subaru: “……If that’s what you say, then your sense of comradeship seems to be pretty low.”

Louis: “It’s obvious, you know. We may name ourselves as something like Sin Archbishops, but we are just a gathering of people loathed by this world anyway. Just the way of calling us is different, but we’re the same as the『Witch』after all.”

Saying so, Louis flopped and knelt down at that spot. When she did that, she appeared as having her self sunken within hair of gold threads, an extremely peculiar ambience.
Subaru scratched his head, settling his hips onto a position making sure as to her hair did not get crushed underneath, and tilted his head saying “Witch?”.

Subaru: “Same as the Witch you say, you mean same as the Witch which seems to be believed as being excessively frightening?”

Louis: “As one would expect, the nature of the『Witch of Envy』is worse than even us so we don’t want to be lumped together, you know. The rest is the same. Both『Witch』and Sin Archbishop, are the same thing which are just called differently. The good-for-nothings compatible with the Witch Factors, are just called differently due to different eras and positions, that’s all.”

“ーーーー”

Louis: “We~ll, the present onii-san has forgotten about『Witches』and Sin Archbishops, and us anyways, so whichever one may be fine, you know. We get it, we do get it, we get it you know, as we get it, but we got it, because we got it, because we had gotten it……”

Subaru: “Shut up.”

Louis: “Ah.”

Mouthing off, intercepting the words assailing upon him like a wave, Subaru put his hand on his chin.
Somehow or the other, it also felt like he was getting to hear things which were quite important. Though it was a speech Subaru couldn’t make a single pinpoint at, it seemed he could remain without getting into the awkward situation of returning to Emilia and the rest without reaping any harvest.

However, Subaru pondering here was not due to the existence or nonexistence of that achievement.
Subaru was pondering here due to the unease he felt from Louis’ responses, which could be avoided no moreーー no, it was a sensation which ought to be labelled as one he was already familiar with.
With that as the reason, if there was anything that struck his mindーー,

Subaru: “Could it be, you’re a lineage of gods?”

Louis: “Lineage of gods, you say…… ah, is it this? Something like, reincarnation into different worlds? Don’t really get it, but we and that are unrelated. Certainly, this is a place which can feel weird, though.”

Chuckling and mocking, with her yellow hair underneath her buttocks, Louis turned her body around once at that very spot, and denoted the white world possessing nothing with her lightly fluttering hair.

Louis: “This is, a place just as how it appears. A place where e~verything disappears, hence, a place with nothing. We’re standing here all alone, that’s why we may seem like the guardian deity of this place, isn’t it.”

Subaru: “The cradle of Od Lagna, was it? Including the name Hall of Memories as well, none of it got into my head whatsoever.”

Louis: “Hm, hm, hm, hm~, guess so…… Basically, this is the place where souls are filtered.”

Subaru: “Filtering, souls?”

At the phraseology difficult to be accustomed to, Subaru had question marks float within his mind.
Filtering, in other words had the same implication as saying sieving, but it was rare to hear it being utilised with regard to souls.
However, Louis, with a happy expression, pulled her knees towards herself and said “Yes, yes”.

Louis: “You use a dust cloth which had been used before once again after washing and drying it, no? The same goes for souls. By clearing the dirt stuck onto it, it is used once more when in a clear state again.”

Subaru: “That, dirt stuck onto it…… does it mean memories or experiences and stuff?”

Louis: “If that’s what you can understand, then let’s keep it that way, alright? Onii-san, do as how you’d like.”

Distorting his cheeks at Louis, who had her tongue out, Subaru turned his head around towards the environs.
As ever,  in the white spaceーー in the Hall of Memories, existed nothing novel to the eyes. Within the endless white world, any easy to understand exhibit was not present either.

For argument’s sake, if this place was indeed how Louis spoke of it, then there could have been levitating disembodied souls, or the filtered memories or experiences rendered visible in some form.

Louis: “It’s not something so easy to comprehend, you know.”

Subaru: “That god called Od Lagna is pretty malicious, isn’t it.”

Louis: “It’s not an article so great as to be called god, that thing. That thing has nothing like such splendid ideology, after all. It’s just a mechanism, you know. A mechanism for keeping the world from breaking is what it is.”

Subaru: “A mechanism……”

Louis: “Whether its Witch Factors, or Divine Protections, or『Sword Saints』, or『Witches』, it considers nothing, you know. If there’s something nice about Od Lagna, it’s just that it’s uninterested, equal, impartial, and favours nothing.”

Narrowing her eyes with seeming disinterest, Louis interposed her own face in the space between her knees which she had pulled towards herself. Sidelong glancing at her, who had her cheeks curved by her white kneecaps, Subaru took a short inhale.
She was a young girl who had continued conversing quite obediently till now. He could reckon that perhaps, she had not spoken any seemingly false lies either. That is precisely why, Subaru inhaled.

Inhaling, exhaling, inhaling once more, and then, he looked at her.
And, asked her.

Subaru: “ーーThe one, to steal my memories of everything till yesterday, is it you?”

Louis: “Yeah, so?”

The offender responded to Subaru’s question, exceedingly promptly.



※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※


“ーーーー”

With his doubt readily responded to, Subaru closed his eyes.

He felt, that he would not be denied much. She must have done something like that, that was why she had judged so much about him with the dialogue they had in this scant time, was how he felt.

Louis, knew far too much. She was deeply, far too au fait with the emotions of Subaru’s heart.
Also including precisely that which the present Natsuki Subaru could never be aware of, Louis Arneb was thoroughly informed regarding『Natsuki Subaru』.
It was not something which could be falsely classified with words like it being a type of observation seldom seen, hence precisely why Subaru had gone ahead and enquired with complete honesty, and attained its affirmation.

Mysteriously, what was welling up in his chest was not rage, but understanding.
In other wordsーー,

Subaru: “So the me of yesterday, did indeed come here as well, huh.”

Louis: “Speaking strictly, the way of arrival was a bit different, you see. But we~ll, the purpose was the same. The result was slightly different, that’s all. But, how amazing. How wonderful. After how many times, did you manage to come here?”

“ーーーー”

Louis: “Hey, answer, onii-san. We answered, you know. ーーAfter having gotten eaten by us, what count of onii-san are you, onii-san?”

Upon that question of Louis’, chills ran through the muscles around Subaru’s spine.
Her eyes, questions, were clearly in vein of one aware of the conviction of『Return by Death』.

No, it was a matter of course. It was but a matter of course.
If she had stolen the memories of『Natsuki Subaru』, and had the ability to freely read those memories, then there was nothing odd about her knowing of『Return by Death』.
『Return by Death』, was not a power wielded only by the Subaru who had lost his memories, but must have unquestionably been the power which『Natsuki Subaru』wielded prior to losing his memories.

Certainly,『Natsuki Subaru』had made free use of that power, and sailed across a great number of difficult situations. The result of that was the trust he gained from Emilia, Beatrice, his comrades, the testimony of cheat = foul as it were.
Subaru did not intend to find faults in that. Whether it be cheating or foul play, if in a setting where someone’s life was on the line, there mustn’t be any hesitation in utilising it. The choice『Natsuki Subaru』made was correct. That is why, Subaru must do the same now, when『Natsuki Subaru』was absent.

And, accepting there being worth in its application, he gulped down the power of『Return by Death』.
However, contrary to that resolve, there existed a queer uneasiness, anxiety, in the interior of Subaru’s chest.
Louis Arneb was infringing upon that difficult to repel fear, that taboo.
That wasーー,

Louis: “ーーAbout how nobody must get to know? If it’s about that, then it’s already too late, onii-san. Us meeting onii-san happened yesterday, no?”

“ーーーー”

Louis: “The『Rule』about how nobody must get to know, has already been broken way long time back. But, happenings of the Hall of Memories don’t leak outside easily. That’s why the scary, scary『Witch』won’t make a move.”

Quickly, with her limbs set on the floor, Louis drew her face closer to Subaru, who was sitting cross-legged. She expressed a bewitching smile unsuited to her age, whilst having her scarlet tongue peek out,

Louis: “Hey, onii-san. Which time is this?”

At that tone of voice which seemed as if her tongue was directly pecking at his brain, Subaru tasted a numbing pain.
And then, having his tongue and throat tremble faintly,

Subaru: “……It’s, the fifth time.”

Louis: “ーー~tsu! Amazing, how amazing, so amazing, it’s amazing, isn’t it amazing, we’re telling you it’s amazing, because it is amazing, because it is amazing that we admire and yearn for it…… gluttonous drinking ~tsu! Gluttony ~tsu!”

Subaru: “Gah ~hk!”

Louis: “We irresistibly want to taste onii-san so much, that our stomach would be filled to bursting! From our experiences, we think appetite and sexual desire are similar. Sexual desire in other words is love, right? In other words, onii-san, weーー”

Thrusting Subaru away, Louis, who was in the position of riding a horseback, breathed out warm sighs with an aroused face. With blood rushing to her cheeks and eyes spellbound, Louis had her tongue crawl on Subaru’s neck lacking any hesitation.
At the same pace, the words she tried to continue on to, his thoughts finally caught up to what they would beーー,

『ーーLove you』.

His heart exploded, reminded of the words of love that fusilladed upon Subaru countless times in the previous loop, wherein he had desired『Death』under circumstances which took a hopeless turn.

Subaru: “ーーLet’s see, you tiny damn sexologist ~hk!”

Louis: “ーーUhi.”

Opening his eyes, Subaru seized the nape of the young girl who was pressing him down, and at the same pace violently, coercively pushed her down onto the white floor. Exchanging their stances, this time it was Subaru in the position of riding a horseback atop her.
A slender, light figure. The long yellow hair stretching out on the floor, like a golden bed she was lying sprawled upon, whilst Subaru kept a check on her neck and bared his canines, seemingly in a position of having pinned her down.

Subaru: “Did you, let your guard down? How unfortunate! In this position, I have an overwhelming advantage! If you don’t want to get your neck strangled like this, my memories are to be……”

Louis: “Returned, you say? You’ll strangle the neck if they’re not returned? Our neck, a feeble little girl’s?”

With her neck arrested, in the state of having gotten the right over her life and death seized, Louis gazed at Subaru, who was breathing roughly through his nose, and loosened her lips with the earlier excitement in her eyes not dimmed in the slightest.
And, from her loosened lips, she asked with an imitative voice which felt as if it were a curse.

Louis: “Is onii-san, really going to do something like that?”

Subaru: “ーーDo you think, I can’t?”

Louis: “Not really think, we actually know, isn’t it. After all, look, it’s such that the current us know more about onii-san than onii-san himself anyway.”

Whilst saying so, Louis repeatedly nudged her cheeks with the index fingers of both her hands, and tilted her head as if provoking. Holding his breath at that attitude of hers, Subaru looked down onto his right hand which had grasped Louis’ neck.

Should Subaru want to show his seriousness a bit, all he had to do was to pour strength into his arm.
Should he show his seriousness, Louis would certainly reconsider her ideas as well.

Were he to be asked whether he would kill her, that would certainly be difficult. Arduous.
Even for a just cause, like being a suicide assistant, Subaru was unable to smash consciousness out of his comrade’s mind with a piece of rubble.
So even if he knew it was an enemy of his, powerfully strangling the neck of the young girl before his eyes was.

No, at least strangling he was capable of. It was a necessity.
He called back to Emilia, Beatrice, Ram, Meili, Julius, Echidna, Shaula, Patrasche, everyone in his mind, and.
Andーー,

Louis: “ーーStrength has faded away from your arms, hasn’t it, onii-san.”

“ーーーー”

Louis: “We really had no intention of resisting, you know? After all, over here we are just as how it seems or a weak young girl. Unlike onii-chan or nii-sama, we must take the form of eaten people or we can’t haul out any powers, isn’t it.”

With the finger that had been nudging her own cheek, Louis nudged Subaru’s right hand which was gripping to Louis’ neck. With that frail strength, Subaru’s palm let go of her neck far too swiftly.

Subaru: “Shit…… ~hk!”

Louis: “Don’t feel down anymore, onii-san. It was a good performance, a good performance. After all, to be honest…… it’s such that we didn’t even think that onii-san would come back here.”

Subaru: “Do you think, that’s any good consolation?”

Continuing to remain in the pushed down stance, Louis, who was lying sprawled on the floor, made an expression suggesting already being over with the worst. Destroying that expression, he searched for words in order to convey his demands, but was unable to find anything precise.
That is why, looking at Subaru, who ended up making an utterance like that of a poor loser, Louis raised her voice saying “Ahaha” similar to observing fish swimming inside an aquarium,

Louis: “But we~ll, it turned out nicely, did it not. If something like the memories of『Natsuki Subaru』are regained, the current onii-san will end up dying is what that means anyway, stay without doing something idiotic like committing suicide, you know.”

Subaru: “……Ah?”

Louis: “Huh, what’s with that weird reaction? It can’t be, did you not notice? If memories return, the current self will get overwritten, and its existence will get terminated…… That’s, the same as dying, no?”

ーーSubaru was petrified at that attitude of Louis’, as if she were asked the solution to an obvious riddle.

He shall die. He shall disappear, vanish. So was he distinctly told.
So he was told, upon the return of the memories of『Natsuki Subaru』, the consciousness, the memories of the Subaru present right here right now shall get overwritten, and will disappear, vanish.
Should that not be named as『Death』, what else should it beーー,

Louis: “ーーRight now,『Natsuki Subaru』is dead, isn’t it. He’s nowhere, after all. But, if『Natsuki Subaru』comes back, this time it’ll be onii-san who will die, isn’t it. He won’t be able to go anywhere, after all.”

“ーーーー”

Louis: “Um you kno~w, does『Natsuki Subaru』really have the worth to go so far for and be recovered eh? Onii-san must also be capable of doing the same things, no? Onii-san must have also come to love the people around him in the same way, isn’t that right. The people around too will also come to love onii-san the sa~me way. ーーWhat’s so wrong with that?”

Subaru: “What’s……”

So wrong with that, should that be asked, then certainly there was nothing wrong with it.
Certainly there was nothing wrong with either『Natsuki Subaru』or Natsuki Subaru.
Subaru was a human possessing numerous flaws. Filled with flaws such that he would be repulsed by himself. Should he be asked whom he hated the most in this world, he would answer it was himself with not an instant’s worth of faltering.
That was how hopeless, insufficient Natsuki Subaru was.
However, there present were no errs in Subaru pertaining to this particular question.

ーーWhat was present was merely the hopeless truth, a single spot of sunshine.

Subaru: “To Emilia-chan and the others, I……”

Wanted to return『Natsuki Subaru』back.
That is why, he intended to prepare resolve within himself that should he find a chance to recover memories, he shall take it without any hesitation.

However, he had completely averted his eyes away from the disappearance of his own existence.
Speaking of sheer conveniences, the two memories blending together, or some part of『Natsuki Subaru』being left within the current Subaru, he had thought if something like that could not happen, he had thought if it could all not be settled in a nice shape of some sort, he had expected the occurrence of a miracle of this kind.
Subaru’s such vacillating expectations wereーー,

Louis: “What would it be like? Never seen a person who had their memories returned before, so we have no idea.”

Louis unveiled her teeth, as though ridiculing Subaru’s conflict, with the expression in her eyes being that of a cat tormenting a mouse.
The offender who heisted these memories, even irresponsibly, was pleased to say that she knew nothing of what would happen thereafter. That was not a lie, but certainly the truth.

Louis Arneb, would never do something as to return what she had stolen away from others back to the original proprietor.
That is why, she truly held no idea what would happen to Natsuki Subaru as a consequence of having the memories returned.

Louis: “Onii-san, you got this life by being born and everything, it won’t do if you don’t celebrate it.”

That irresponsible usurper, continued to gaze intently at Subaru’s face from an inch worth distance.

Louis: “As a result of us eating the memories of『Natsuki Subaru』, onii-san is here. In other words we, are something like onii-san’s birth parent, isn’t that right. To try and choose the option of having yourself die in front of that parent, isn’t that what’s called lack of filial piety, onii-san.”

Subaru: “Something so, absurd is…… ~hk.”

Louis: “ーーMemories are what shape people, onii-san.”

“ーーーー”

Becoming deeper, becoming colder, Louis erased all expression and said only those brief words with a serious tone.
Without thinking, Subaru inhaled at the acuity of those words, and quietened.
Alongside, he also felt that this had not been the first time he heard those words. If not mistaken, then that resonance, those words, immediately before facing the second『Death』as well had beenーー,

Louis: “The present onii-san, has relationships which the present onii-san has created. Why don’t you try living again anew, facing forward. We think that’s also an option, you know.”

“ーーーー”

Louis: “On top of that, don’t know how we should feel saying this but……『Natsuki Subaru』, didn’t really feel like the image of an ideal man you know?”

Closing one of her eyes, Louis smited the emotions of Subaru’s heart with an expression as if finding what she was going to say to be difficult.
All the more, she linked her arms in front of her chest while remaining in the stance of Subaru riding a horseback atop her, and gazed into his dark pupils with eyes like that of a dreaming maidenーー,

Louis: “Pitiable Emilia! A miserable girl who is avoided by everyone, just because of having her birth being the same as the former Witch! Ah, how kind must my self be, to still remain by her side!”

Subaru: “Wha……”

Louis: “Weak, fragile Beatrice! Without anyone to rely on, a lonely girl who spent a time of solitude all by herself! My self must pull her hand through the dark and dangerous path!”

Before the staggered Subaru, what Louis sonorously continued articulating were the names of two young girls who prayed for Subaru’s safety and showed him a path, and terribly elliptical mental images of them.
Even Subaru understood whose mental images they were, and what Louis intended to express.
Though he understood, that was.

Louis: “Devoted and seeks to dedicate gratuitous love, Rem! Foolish and beautiful, how pure. Surely she is an incomplete being who gains the true feeling of living by becoming frantic for the sake of someone else, other than herself. Precisely that, must be led by the existence known as I!”

Subaru: “What’re you…… what’re you trying to do!?”

Louis: “Speaking for what『Natsuki Subaru』used to think, we’re telling you. Wanting a sense of superiority. Not thinking it was for the sake of someone else all of the time, you know. Flocking only convenient people around, getting drunk on the pleasant feeling of offering a hand. Not even throwing any feed to a dog which won’t get emotionally attached. Keeping those away.”

“ーーーー”

Louis: “Do you really intend to hand yourself over, to that『Natsuki Subaru』?”

The question, having overlapped twice.
That was a requisition of confession for Natsuki Subaru, by Louis, by『Gluttony』.

To speak his true feelings, that is what Louis demanded of Subaru.
Whether he did want to die, whether he did not want to die, if he, for the argument’s sake were to die, whether would it be for the sake of someone like that.

ーーNo, Subaru’s death, would not be for the sake of『Natsuki Subaru』.
ーーNo, from the very beginning, Subaru did not have the intent to die. Even if he thought of returning『Natsuki Subaru』back to Emilia and the others, for it to mean his own death.
ーーNo, could he however, truly trust『Natsuki Subaru』. At the very least,『Natsuki Subaru』had killed Meili, and even carved incomprehensible characters on the wall.

Louis: “ーーWe~ll, what do you want to do, onii-san.”

Subaru: “ーー~hk.”

Whilst saying so, Louis grasped Subaru’s hands with her slender arms, and fastened them to her own neck.
Once again, though this time through her own incitement, Louis’ slim neck lay vulnerable to Subaru’s arms. Should he pour strength in both of his arms, it will surely fracture easily.

If not, the conclusion will get established.
However, to not do that meant either choosing to kill『Natsuki Subaru』, or the same happening to himself. ーーAt the very least, that was what Louis was saying.

For the argument’s sake, for just the argument’s sake if he broke this slim neck, and if『Natsuki Subaru』was to return and the present Subaru was to disappear, would he not be able to witness even the fruits of his actions.
If that’s the case, then what was the meaning of Subaru mustering up meagre courage and undertaking action here.

Louis: “We~ll.”

“ーーーー”

Louis: “What? What will you do? What is it that you’ll do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do huh? What do you want to do? What do you want to do it like? Whatever you do it’s alright you know? Whatever it ends up as we’ll forgive youーー”

As though tormenting him, as though ridiculing him, as though laying a curse upon him, Louis’ words struck Subaru’s eardrums.
So did Louis Arneb, so did『Gluttony』, so did the Sin Archbishop, so did the slim young girl, so did the abominable existence, so did his birth parent.

The choice of what he shall do with『Natsuki Subaru』, drew near Natsuki Subaru.

Louis: “We~ll.”

Well.

Louis: “ーーWhat do you want to do? Onii-san.”


Chapter 62
ーーA choice, that too a cruel one, was eating into Natsuki Subaru.

He heard the sound of something being abandoned and scorched away within the interior of his chest with a sizzling report, slowly and steadily.
That was his human nature, his emotion of trusting himself, his sentiments for『Natsuki Subaru』, various entities of such kind, were being abandoned and scorched away.

With his hands on the young girl’s throat, whilst being ridiculed by the young girl pushed down, Natsuki Subaru was made to stand in a setting of determining his own destiny,『Natsuki Subaru’s』destiny.

“ーーーー”

Heartbeats, inaudible. Though his breath was rough, his lungs were probably dysfunctional. A situation packed to the hilt to such an extent, yet not a single drop of cold sweat appeared on his forehead.
That was certainly because Natsuki Subaru’s flesh body present here was not a part of reality.

By reading the book, he did not have his entire flesh body transferred, but merely his mind had been hauledーー to make such considerations unfitting the situation, would also merely be a deed of evading reality.
And, by firing his considerations over to the other side, trying to secure transient peace was Subaru’s heart.
However, neither time nor space nor his opponent would pardon this escape route of Subaru’s.

Louis: “We~ll, what’ll you do, onii-san.”

The young girl which had been pinned down by him, laughed sadistically and looked up at Subaru, petrified, having lost his way in the choice.
Whilst peeping into Subaru’s dark eyes, the young girl flickered her tongue in order to lick those eyeballs.

Louis: “Pinning down a feeble young girl, and placing your hands on that thin neck. Gets you shivering with thrill, no? Or perhaps instead, if it’s a predisposition like that of onii-san’s, such experiences become commonplace, is that right?”

Subaru: “ーー~hk.”

Louis: “You’re trembling, so cute. In this state, will you be able to make such an important, important choice?”

Inclining her neck, Louis, facing upwards, kissed Subaru’s wrist. That shuddering gesture and the ardour pouring from her flirtatious glance, her inhumane words made Subaru recall a certain spectacle.
That was the spectacle of the callousness Subaru had acted upon once. ーーProvided that his way of having observed it was the reverse. Not something Subaru had witnessed from his own perspective, but the field of vision of a young girl who had gotten into a confrontation with Subaru.

The spectacle of Subaru pinning down, with a wicked countenance, and strangling the neck.
Exactly the same as the present situation, the spectacle of『Natsuki Subaru』strangling Meili to deathーー.

Subaru: “Ugh.”

ーーThe instant he realised this to be approximate to that spectacle, Subaru’s entire body, cheeks, tightened.

Louis: “ーーSo after all, there really is an occasion which comes your mind?”

Subaru: “Nons ~hk! Nonse……”

Louis: “We’re no~t speaking nonsense, you know. Instead, the one not being serious is onii-san, no? With more seriousness, earnestness, solemnity, you should love yourself.”

“ーーーー”

Louis: “A~h, yes yes. Love yourself. See, love. ーーSimilar to how the people onii-san wants to cherish hope for that, onii-san should also love himself, you know.”

With a superficial verbal tone, and words fitting identical description, a cosmetic wave of words was formed.
Did she intend to persuade him, or instead, was her faculty of sympathisising simply dead. Was this purposeful or was it simply her nature, was she jeering at him or was she consoling him.
It was vague. Louis Arneb’s way, was vague with regards to everything.

Vague, vague it was.
Louis’ words, her words were unsteady from the foundation, like leaves instably afloat water’s surface. All of them of arbitrary nature, bent and distorted, if they preferably came to a clear disposition, then this indecision itself would surely be cleared up as well.
No, just how hazardous would it be, to consider keeping her words as the premise from the very beginning.

Subaru: “Do you have the proof…… that everything should be done the way you say, and everything will happen the way you say.”

Louis: “Proof?”

Subaru: “Do you have the proof, that if I regain『Natsuki Subaru』, the me present right now would disappear……!”

Louis: “We don’t. We don’t you know. It seems we don’t. As we don’t. We don’t we’re telling you. We don’t though. Even though it seems we don’t. It seems we don’t as we’re telling you. Even though it means we don’t you know…… Will that, give you any solace?”

“ーーーー”

Louis: “It’s just going around in circles, onii-san. Even we can’t speak of what we don’t know. If we or onii-chan, nii-sama die, then will what was eaten come back, we wonder. ーーTo be honest, never returned something which we ate so we do~n’t actually kno~w. After all, we’ve eaten it up, you know.”

Saying ah, Louis opened her mouth, arraying her frightfully sharp cuspids and scarlet tongue, showing until the interior of her throat to Subaru, appealing a certain zilch.
Others’ memories, the memories of someone within others, if heisting things of such kind was to be taken under the name of『Eating』, it was impossible for physical vestiges to remain there.
However, Subaru felt the words “Eaten it up” to be terribly weighty.

Louis: “What will you do, onii-san.”

Once again, Louis questioned Subaru.
In the interval between the questions and answers, Subaru’s hands remained on Louis’ neck. Unable to pour strength, or otherwise, completely withdraw his hands, Subaru continued to cast aside the question regarding his own existence.

Subaru: “Gh, kh…… ~hk.”

Dying, was frightening. Terrifying.
However, that was a fear differing from what Subaru had tasted by『Return by Death』four times till now.
The proposition pressing down Subaru’s soul right here and now, was the death comparing and contrasting the choices regarding『Forfeiting Oneself』.

By nature, that was how what was labelled as『Death』was supposed to be.
Upon dying, the consciousness of that existence was lost, and something like an opportunity to redo was never granted.
That was why, Subaru, who continued to take advantage of having opportunities to redo upon making blunders, may not have any right to complain.
To simply be given the choice to disappear or to not disappear, and having the time to be troubled over it may itself be a luxury.

But, it was his own life.
He must choose whether he would blow that flame out or not by himself, Subaru’s heart, who had been interposed in such a situation, developed a crack by each passing second.

“ーーーー”

Subaru had already died four times in this different world. All of them, affairs within a short time frame.
Thrown into a world he was unacquainted with, meeting people he never would have met, and an instant later having to suffer circumstances difficult to avoid, chased Subaru into death.
The time he spent when he was in a conscious state, when totalled, would not even fit into two days.

It was a short, short time. ーーHowever, Natsuki Subaru also had the time of seventeen years he had lived in the world he was previously in aside from the two days of this different world.

He had a father. He had a mother. Friends too, though scarce, his relationship with them was a delicate matter and it was uncertain whether he could call them friends, but he had people whom he would at least exchange greetings with. Upon glancing back onto the past, in elementary and middle schools he had people whom he got along with, and he was also acquainted with many who resided in his neighbourhood.
Though, it did not go well. Subaru, was incompetent at life.
However, in vein of not going well, there had been a time of trial and error, though he had never been in a setting where his life was on the line, Subaru still intended to struggle upon his own stage.

Was he going to abdicate, these various times, and accumulated memories.

Should『Natsuki Subaru』return, the fact that they existed would not disappear. However, his current self, who certainly thought of those times, shall disappear.

Exchanging promises with Ram, swearing to protect Meili, etching Echidna’s forgiveness upon his heart, agressively imploring Julius to fight, affectionately trusting Beatrice, and Emiliaーー,

ーーHis self, who fell in love with Emilia, was he truly going to disappear.

Subaru: “No……”

That realisation, made the flesh body of Subaru present here on this spot develop cracks, this not being a metaphorical expression.
Crevices emerging on his cheek, fissures like a spider’s web emerged on both of his hands which were on Louis’ throat as well. He felt no pain. Neither did he bleed from those crevices. Mysteriously, present within the crevices was darkness. Not the sort possessing flesh or bones, unnatural, unending darkness.

It was in accordance with what he had conjectured, he had not carried over his flesh body of reality.
The body of the Subaru present here was not real. And since it was not real, the current sentiments of his heart directly manifesting, Subaru’s body developed fissures, and was shattering.

The crevices expanded, the surface came unstuck and fell.
That was certainly, the body of deceit called『Natsuki Subaru』which Natsuki Subaru had been wearing.
Alongside that which detached and fell in large drops, even his bluff came unstuck and fell.

Subaru: “No, no, no…… no…… ~hk.”

Louis: “That’s right. It’s natural, you know.”

Shaking his head in refusal, he denied the fear of the death awaiting himーー no, the fear of forfeiting.
Why, must he vanish. His self, who had just recognised that he was in love with the person he loved.

Subaru: “No……”

Louis: “Hm hm. We get it. We quite do get it. As we get it. We do indeed get it.”

Subaru: “No, I refuse…… ~hk.”

Louis: “It’s onii-san’s life, after all. Why must you surrender it to others, you know.”

Subaru: “I, everyone…… more, with everyone……”

Want to stay longer with everyone.
He was in love. He had fallen in love. Even though in the time which would not even amount to a total of two days, he had been engulfed in doubting them, thinking of killing them, thinking of running away from them, and being suspected by them.
Subaru, had fallen in love with them. Right now, he thought lovingly of them.

If he were to stay with them, if they would cherish Subaru, then he might even grow to love himself, whom he utterly loathed.
That, was what he thought. Facing forward, that was what he thought.

Even though in Subaru’s life, of always facing backward, this was, at long last, a scintillating spot of sunshine.
Why must he relinquish it.
That was something heーー,

Subaru: “……I refuse.”

Louis: “That’s right. That’s how it is. ーーThen, what do you think you should do?”

Subaru: “……I, just as myself.”

Louis: “Yes, onii-san will be, just as onii-san. That is correct. It got plundered once. It’s a game of musical chairs. The guy sitting on the vacant seat, is the king, you know.”

“ーーーー”

Louis: “The opponent who got pushed away, must exit. You have to recognise. Your own existence. You have to shout loudly, that you are real! Hey, isn’t that so!”

Directly below him, at a distance such that their breaths intertwined, widening her eyes illumine blazingly, Louis roared.
With vigour like that of snarlingーー no, as a matter of fact, she gnawed Subaru’s wrists which were on her neck, etching admonition and a striking pain upon Subaru.

Staring at the wavering dark eyes, Louis Arneb shouted.

Louis: “Recognise! ーー『Natsuki Subaru』is, the closest person to onii-san ~tsu!”

The howl called for him, telling him to establish oneself.
Telling him to stop doing something so foolish as dying for the sake of someone.
Why, must there be a need for him to sacrifice himself for the sake of someone or the other.

ーーThat too, for the sake of having his self who wasn’t himself, who named his self as him, meet the people he loved, whom he won’t be able to meet anymore.

All for the sake of him ceding the time he had spent with them, the priceless days difficult to ever obtain.
As if he would allow himself to do, something so foolish.

Louis: “Well the~n, kill him! Let’s kill him! Let’s go ahead and kill him! You have to kill him! Do kill him! If you kill him! Let’s end up killing him! Just kill him! End up killing him! If you can only kill him! If you kill and crush him!”

Subaru: “『Natsuki Subaru』will……”

Louis: “Onii-san is this universe’s one and only, not a substitute article for anyone, Natsuki Subaru!”

Subaru: “ーー~hk.”

This universe’s one and only, not a replacement for anyone, Natsuki Subaru.

Holding hands with Beatrice, striking persiflage with Ram, making Meili pout, being astonished by Shaula’s frankness, exchanging smiles with Echidna through frivolous conversations, entrusting his back to Julius, receiving Patrasche’s gratis love, attaining the right to live, with Emilia.
If the one who possesses those was『Natsuki Subaru』, then by Subaru’s hands, that man shall.

“ーーーー”

Tears building up, his field of vision was blurred by the sentiments welling up within of him.
His mind had a direct impact on his flesh body. The beating of his heart, his breathing through aching lungs, he could unmistakably feel them vividly right now.
However, what he could feel the greatest right now, were his irresistible tears wielding no answer.

Whether that was rage or grief, envy or jealousy, guilt or fear.
Just, what was the cause of this violent emotion, Subaru did not know whatsoever. There was lots he did not know. However, with his field of vision fogged by those tears, Subaru looked.

“ーーーー”

Someone, was overlooking Subaru, Louis.
Staring at the teary eyed pathetic Subaru, who had pinned Louis down and had his hands on her neck.
Whom that could have been, within what all Subaru’s mind could grasp, it could have been only one person.

Subaru: “……Did you, appear because you got scared of me,『Natsuki Subaru』.”

“ーーーー”

The blurry shadow of a person said nothing.
Standing on the white floor, the white world behind its back, the form veiled in gaze of white, was watching Subaru.
Subaru, with his face soggy, informed the existence who had panicked and abruptly appeared forth.

Subaru: “I will…… I will, not disappear. I don’t want to die. That’s why, I……”

“ーーーー”

Subaru: “Want to stay together with everyone. I love everyone. That’s why, I am……”

“ーーーー”

Subaru: “That’s why, I am……”

As though an excuse, his complaints stockpiled.
Same as when he had put his hands on Louis’ throat. ーーSubaru had concluded, that he didn’t want himself to disappear. That’s why, what he did now was conveying that to the shadow of a person which had appeared.
That also meant that he would, with certainty, kill the opponent before of his eyes, who possessed an identical visage as himself.

After all, he is,『Natsuki Subaru』is, the closest person to him.
That is why, Subaru must be in possession of that right.

Natsuki Subaru, shall kill『Natsuki Subaru』, and the single spot of sunshine shall beーー.

Subaru: “That’s why, I am, not you! You and I are……”

Different, he tried to convey that clearly, and sever the possibility.
That had been the moment, he had tried to do so.

Louis: “……Who, are you talking to, onii-san.”

Dumbfounded, eyes dilated, Louis questioned with an expression as if her conversation had been stalled.
She inclined her neck and glared in the same direction as Subaru, and tried to look at that shadow of a person. However, she knitted her eyebrows in doubt and grimaced, and as her sharp canines quivered,

Louis: “ーーNobody, nobody’s there, but still, who are you talking to, onii-san.”

“ーーーー”

With her fangs rattling and trembling, Louis whispered so with an expression of disbelief.
In refusal, she erased her expression until then, and made a face like that of being frightened by something,

Louis: “This is, our place…… no hindrances are supposed to get in, and yet. In this place, talking to someone aside from us…… just stop. Onii-san is our, our…… ~tsu!”

Louis words, they clung onto him, however Subaru’s awareness did not move a bit.
Subaru’s awareness, had focused all concentration on the yet present shadow of a person in his field o vision, not having vanished. His field of vision blurred with tears, the wavering shadow of a person, its contour and features became ever so slightly clear.

Who was it, he had no idea whatsoever.
That shadow of a person whose contour and features gradually got clearer, to Subaru seemed as though it was smiling.
Shaking his head, blinking with strength, he tried to look at that diminutive smile with further clarityーー,

???: “ーーWhy, are you trying to choose only one of the two?”

A question, was raised towards him.
With a voice he had never heard before, with the voice of someone, who was not supposed to be here.

Whom he had never seen smilingーー a young girl of blue hair, had been standing there, smiling.
That smiling young girl, whilst continuing to smile, towards Subaru who had sunk in silence saidーー,


???: “ーーStand Up!!”


ーーHer commencing words.
ーーThe young girl, with the utmost relentless voice in the world, shouted at Natsuki Subaru.



※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※


???: “ーーStand up!!”

The voice, vanquished the cracking Natsuki Subaru, scourged him, and knocked him down.
Without mercy, without hesitation, the bellow shattered Natsuki Subaru, and accelerated his cracking. ーーAs if, talons artlessly stabbing into his naked heart.

???: “Stand up!”

The young girl of blue hair, raised her voice facing Subaru.
Glaring at Subaru, the young girl, with a loud voice, howled. Howled. She was howling.
At Natsuki Subaru, who remained on his knees, who had pinned a young girl down, and had fissures emerge on his dumbfounded face.

???: “Stand up!!”

Her bellow, repeated.
Limitlessly and endlessly, callously and inconsiderately, it knocked Subaru’s heart down.

Why, must such words strike him.

It was painful. It was hurtful. It was excruciating. It was sorrowful. His heart, even now, was on the verge of shattering.
Never in his life, had he been struck with such agonizing decisions from one to the next without even having prepared his heart beforehand. ーーHe had somehow stopped lamenting that crisis.
That was why, at the very least, he had arrived at a conclusion. That is why, was it not just fine anymore.

???: “Stand up!”

The young girl before his eyes, by no means approved of the complaints, the obstinate conclusion, the heart afraid to forfeit, making Subaru’s heart cower. Laded with a resolute purpose of rejection, she piled up the potent words.
He had made the decision. Could she not just affirm it. At the very least, show being troubled over it. It was alright, was it not. He had been troubled sufficiently. Yet, the young girl went so far, all for the sake of having Subaru be.

???: “Stand upーー!”

As his heart continued to shatter to fragments, she did not pardon Subaru, who had made the decision.

???: “Stand upーー!”

Was she, still going to say that.
Why, was this young girl, this voice.
Despite it being so hurtful, so excruciating.

???: “Stand……! Stand! Stand! Stand up!”

Just who, was this young girl.
Just where in his reminiscences, was this young girl.

Never had he exchanged words with her. Even her reminiscences, were not present within the current Subaru.
Who was she, what kind of a person was she, he had known merely her outward appearance.
Their relationship was one such that he would not even bother giving up for her sake.

Yet, why, was his chest so warm.
Why, was there a fever rising from the interior of his chest.

???: “Stand up, Natsuki Subaru! Stand up! ーーRem’s hero!!”

The tearful voice of the young girl not present in his memories, shouted to be a hero by that voice, his heart trembled.
Subaru’s heart trembled, in such a good condition that he almost wanted to laugh, with the notion of something so absurd as that being possible.

The cracks, the fissures, continued to accelerate.
That was, quite literally, the spectacle of Natsuki Subaru tearing apart the shell of『Natsuki Subaru』.
However, what slept within that shell, only faintly varied from what was there just previously.

ーーNo, if it were to truly change, it shall from now onward.
Continuing to be wished to stand up, gnashing his teeth at his frightened heart, he stood up.

???: “If you’ve stood up, then please go. Go, and save, everything.”

Everything, what does that mean. Everything, just what did it mean.
A way of speaking far too absentminded. Just what, did everything even refer to.

???: “Everything is everything. Anything and everything. All, everyone, yourself, and the closest person to you as well!”

What’s, that.
As if something like that, is achievable. Does this girl, truly believe he was capable of that.
His self, who lacked in much, who can’t even save himself.

For the sake of the people Subaru fell in love with, for the sake of the people who cherished Subaru, for the sake of the people Subaru wished to cherish, for the sake of his reminiscences with the people he did not want to disappear.
Does she truly believe that the Subaru, who had tried to let go of merely one, is also capable of it.

???: “You can do it. After all”

After all.
After all, what.

Give me the strength, the answer. If you’re going to give them, then give them through those words.
I pray that the blue young girl’s, your words, give meーー,

Rem: “ーーSubaru-kun is, Rem’s hero.”

Subaru: “ーーーー”

Something, fell in the interior of chest.
That which had stagnated in black, as if had been purified by the echo of the young girl, seemingly a confession of love. ーーNo, not seemingly a confession of love. That had been, a confession of love.

Though once again, his reasons for not wanting to give back the place where he belongs to『Natsuki Subaru』increased.

Subaru: “ーーAh.”

At the same time, what had increased was not just that.
Purified by the words of the young girl, that which had stagnated in black gave rise to radiance and altered its very form.
And, commenced pulsating from what was the strongest desire stemming from the core of Natsuki Subaru.

“ーーーー”

It pulsated. That which had lost anything and everything, and had been deserted by entirety.
Yet furthermore, wishing, desiring, wanting to fasten and secure everything, wanting to not lose anything at all from these hands, wanting to not let go of oneself, from oneself’s own hands.
Concording with the cowardly『Greed』which implored so, it bloomed by becoming a power which granted this wish.

ーーThe Factor wandering and jolting, connected together with existence.

Subaru: “Come, ーーCor Leonis.”

Within Subaru, the seed of the『Greed』lost of destination budded.
And, standing firm, his form wasーー,

Rem: “ーーーー”

Merely the diminutive smile of the young girl of blue hair, blessed that moment.



※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※


Louis: “ーーOnii-san?”

“ーーーー”

Looking up at Subaru, who had slowly stood up at that spot, Louis called out to him.
Pulling the hand that had been on her neck, Louis, with bafflement remaining on her expression, woke her body up from the golden bed her hair had been blanketing and blinked in seeming perplexment.

Louis: “What, happened. Look, continue the one from earlier…… continue it?”

“ーーーー”

Louis: “Continue it……”

Being told to resume, Subaru moistened his lips with his tongue.
When contemplating as an existence of mere mind, both this and temporary peace of mind were naught but meaningless actions closer to habits.
However, by that single action, he had come to notice something.

ーーHe was clear-headed to such an extent that even he himself would be surprised.

The incomprehensible chaos and frenzy until a moment ago, just as both of them had been pulled away by waves, he felt at peace as if swimming in the middle of a calm sea.
That is whyーー,

Subaru: “You don’t need to say anything, anymore. I’m fed up of your gut-wrenching explanation.”

He had managed to recognise how the clod of malice which had taken the form of a young girl before his eyes twisted and distorted Subaru’s will and use it as per her own conveniences.

At what Subaru had pointed out, Louis said “Nonono” and shook her right and left,

Louis: “Gut-wrenching you say…… how harsh. Even though we had, in our own way, pro~perly thought of onii-san, and just given advice……”

Subaru: “Also, stop using words I know for purposefully making it seem sarcasm about myself like this. Even if you try to shake me like this, it’s of no use. ーーThe present me, will no longer waver.”

“ーーーー”

At those words, Louis straitened her eyes. Surely she was unaware of the details of what changes had occurred in Subaru’s self. Even Subaru did not specifically know.
However, the『Greed』which shall not waver by anything, had decided upon Natsuki Subaru.

Subaru had also defined himself.
Into the form wished by the young girl, who had shouted at none but the Subaru of that moment.

“ーーーー”

Subaru glanced at not Louis, but the side opposite to her.
There no longer was the form of her, who had not too long ago faced Subaru and smited him with words relentless. The moment Subaru stood up and faced forward, she disappeared.
But, perhaps, that was fine.

The reunion with the young girl, was not to take place here, and neither with Subaru.
No, that was not exactly accurate either. Merely, the one to reunite with her, must be the Natsuki Subaru who has recovered his memories with her, his feelings for her.

And, there was no need to form a distinction between that『Natsuki Subaru』and Natsuki Subaru.

Subaru: “I was told…… time and time again, still huh.”

ーーHe had been told, that even after losing his memories, Subaru was Subaru.

When he stubbornly used to think that there was a precise, distinct disparity, that he must differentiate, those had been Subaru’s encumbrance, chains of curse.

But, so what.

Right now, from Subaru’s perspective, who had ascertained what he must do, that was a guidepost, a thread of hope.
It shall surely light Subaru’s path until he pulls it in, reels it in, gets closer, and reaches the place where the people whom he cherishes, who were holding the front of that thread were.
That was whyーー,

Subaru: “Put away your knife and fork, you food-thieving escaped fugitive. There’s no noodle soup for you here.”

“ーーーー”

She widened, her eyes.
Louis Arneb widened her eyes, staring at Subaru who had a finger pointed towards her. And perceiving the absence of even the slightest sympathy in Subaru’s expression, she cast her eyes down.

Louis: “A~h……”

Her eyes cast down, she leaked a husky sigh.
That had been a sigh conceived with emotions highly difficult to delineate.
Louis, who got her body up, had her shoulders shake, drew her knees towards herself, and curled up atop her golden carpet.
And, slowly elevating her face which had been cast downwardーー,

Louis: “ーーA~h, shit, shit, shit. A single step more, a single step more was left, and yet.”

With a gaze brimming in abhorrence, Louis glared at Subaru and wrung that out with a voice as though casting a curse.

“ーーーー”

Louis: “A single step more was left and yet, huh. Why, how come, did it fail, huh. ーーWho, tricked onii-san, huh.”

That was a tone of voice which reached a murky conclusion, hatred towards isolation like that of the dead from the depths of hell envying the way of being of the living celebrating paradise above ground.
With a voice filled with such resentment, Louis resumed.

Louis: “With a single step more,『Natsuki Subaru』and Natsuki Subaru could’ve been completely torn apart and yet……!”

Subaru: “……What’s up with that. Why’d you do something like that.”

Louis: “ーーIsn’t it obvious, because we can’t eat the same human twice ~tsu!?”

Subaru: “ーー~hk.”

Painting out Subaru’s dubious voice, Louis screamed with a cracking voice as if vomiting blood.
She set her limbs on that spot and then stood up, and with an expression completely changed from what it had been until thenーー with a countenance like that of a beast which had lost its human kindness, she glared at Subaru.

Louis: “It each had to be separate! The『Natsuki Subaru』who got eaten once, and the Natsuki Subaru left to be eaten each had to be separate. For that, we had concentrated attention on this plan or that and yet…… it was all stupidity! Laughable, isn’t it!”

Subaru: “……I won’t laugh. It’s not funny, not one bit.”

Louis: “Is that so? Is that really so! But, onii-san also hates us, isn’t that right? Isn’t it fun to see our hated self being sad? It must be feeling good, right? Even though onii-san would have…… only you would have fulfilled us, who’ve gotten sick of eating…… by only you, us of『Satiation』could’ve ~tsu!”

At Louis, her eyes bloodshot, Subaru whispered “Satiation” within his lips.
If he had not misheard her, the title she had named herself as was supposed to be『Gluttony』. Why would that now turn into something like『Satiation』.
In front of Subaru, who was perplexed in that manner, Louis shouted, saying “To begin with!” whilst looking up into the white sky.

Louis: “Both Ley of『Gourmet』! And Roy of『Bizarre Eating』! Know absolu~tely nothing! From one to the next, thoughtlessly unbridledly eating messily like a bunch of idiots…… for our sake, who are locked up here and don’t have the freedom to choose? Don’t make us laugh, hopeless siblings ~tsu!”

Embracing and bringing her yellow hair close to her, Louis disheveled her body and spat.
Her words, Subaru, whilst standing straight, was unaware of all what they meant. Ley or Roy, those which she had brought up, could they be names, perhaps.
However, the existence of『Gluttony』, memories, there were certain things he could discern from themーー,

Subaru: “You, get together with your comrades and things like people’s memories and, names…… is it fine to notate it as that? At any rate, you go around stealing things like that. Go around eating things like that. Isn’t that right?”

An instance of getting his memories eaten, and forgetting who his own self was would be Subaru.
An instance of getting his name eaten, and being forgotten by the surroundings and lamenting would be Julius.
And, perhaps getting both sides eaten, forgotten by the world and falling into a slumber never to awaken from was Rem.
All of them, were deeds of『Gluttony』, of Louis, and her comrades whose names got brought up earlierーー,

Subaru: “Why the hell are you all doing something like that? What is the goal, of all of you?”

Louis: “ーーIt’s to become happy.”

“ーーーー”

Made to hear the immediate reply, Subaru halted his breath.
Paying no heed to his reaction, Louis resounded her teeth by clattering them with seeming instability of mind,

Louis: “It’s to become happy. What other goal is there? To become happy is the goal of living, isn’t it? Or, did you think that our loathed self had distorted away from that? Wrong. That’s wrong. It’s wrong anyway. As it’s wrong. Certainly it is wrong. As it’s too wrong. It seems it’s wrong. As we’re telling you it’s wrong! A~h, our soul hurts…… ~tsu!”

Subaru: “What’s the connection between, the goal of becoming happy and stealing others’ memories……”

Louis: “ーーSa~y onii-san, have you ever thought life is unfair?”

Subaru: “I have.”

Louis: “Awa ~tsu.”

Her teeth into the back of her white hand, Louis questioned Subaru. When Subaru nodded his head in agreement as a matter of prompt judgement, Louis loathsomely laughed saying “Of course”.
Whilst deriding, she had her hand with impressions of her teeth crawl up her slim chest.

Louis: “We have, too. Rather, life is unfairness itself. Can’t choose birth, can’t choose parents, can’t choose the environment, can’t choose the future, not a single thing can be chosen. Always, it’s made to be a system of that kind. It’s being atop a belt conveyor.”

“ーーーー”

Louis: “ーーBut, what if that wasn’t the case?”

In front of the silent Subaru, Louis tilted her neck.

Louis: “What if birth could be chosen? What if parents could be chosen? What if the environment could be chosen? What if the future could be chosen? What if all options were as per imagination? ……Everyone, would choose a better life, isn’t it? Is that wrong?”

Subaru: “That…… may be true but.”

What was the associativity between that and Louis and the others’ crimes, Subaru pondered.
However, Louis clang her teeth at that doubt of Subaru’s,

Louis: “ーーThat’s it.”

Subaru: “……Ah?”

Louis: “If birth could be chosen, if parents could be chosen, if the environment could be chosen, if the future could be chosen, if all options were as per imagination, everyone would choose a better life. ーーThat is why, we are taking time and making utmost effort, and searching the greatest life for us.”

“ーーーー”

Louis: “Surely, it is somewhere ~tsu! Where we can live with our head held high, like us! A future filled with roses, such that we’d think we were glad to have lived this life! Until the time of fortuitously meeting that destined life, we’ll eat, crunch, chew, lick, suck, indulge, gluttonous drinking ~tsu! Gluttony ~tsu!”

Her eyes dazzling blazingly, Louis Arneb shouted her lovely ambition out with a roaring voice.
She truly believed, from the bottom of her heart, that this was pursuit for happiness, that this was the sole way for her to grasp the supreme future for herself.

Louis had not discovered any hopes, any expectations for her own life.
For in her mind, the life of the young girl named Louis Arneb had been inferior in its initial disposition. The starting point had been incorrect. ーーThat is why, she wanted to negate that.

She wanted to win and gain her self who was abound in birth, parents, environment, future, talents, everything.
She had defined precisely that to be an indispensable condition, for enjoying life to the maximum.
That is whyーー,

Subaru: “For that, you steal the memories of others, and eat them……?”

Louis: “Once the desired life is found, by affixing the『Memories』and『Name』, we will live that life with our head held high. Unfortunately, as of now, everyone’s been omitted from being selected…… there had been lives which were on the right track but, you know, we won’t be satisfied by a few meagre experiences.”

Speaking enthusiastically with a trembling voice, Louis had her finger gently crawl upon her petite body beneath her patchy clothes, and made a charming gesture unbefitting her ageーー no, that was not the case.
If her, if『Gluttony’s』words were true, then she had eaten the lives of innumerable people until now, and through that had procured an amount of resources of experiences beyond what any ordinary man could physically experience.

Men, women, children, elderly, possibly leaping over the fences of even races or species, having her fill of the experiences of every possible existence, tasting them till finishing, a person who indulged in the satiation of lives.

It was just as how Louis had called herself.
She had, grown tired. Of eating the lives of others.
For her, who continued to snitch and eat the “delicious parts” of the lives of all kinds of people, all possible happenings were stale articles, the same hackneyed events with nothing novel to them.

But, just as when he understood Louis’ mental state, he also discovered something he could not understand.
That wasーー,

Subaru: “Then why did you, who practices such an unbalanced diet, go as far as to use that pain in the butt measure to try and chew me? Is it your obstinacy as a food fighter, something like never excusing what was left to be eaten?”

Louis: “It’s not such a silly reason. ーーIt’s because onii-san, is our destiny.”

“ーーーー”

Whether he should accept that at face value and that it seemed as if he was being made fun of, with those thoughts Subaru glared at Louis with rage and vigilance.
However, Louis’ pupils looking at Subaru, present therein was no falsehood in their ardour. She truly was deeply in love with and yearned for Subaruーー precisely, Subaru’s『Life』.
The reason beingーー,

Louis: “Men and women of all ages, all kinds of humans, races, positions, anything and everything, leaping above it all and having eaten all kinds of things are us, but there’s a single thing, which is unknown to us. Do you know what it is?”

Subaru: “What might it be. I don’t know. My good-for-nothing self’s way of grieving or something?”

Louis: “ーーIt’s the experience of『Death』.”

Subaru, with one of his eyes remaining shut, halted all movement.
Whilst intently watching that Subaru, Louis lifted up her slim arms and pointed both her palms towards him.

Louis: “No matter how many of others’ memories are eaten, it’s impossible. Only the memories of『Death』, can never be obtained. After all, isn’t that the way it is? Memories, are the record of the period of living after all. That’s why, something like the memories of the time of dying don’t exist. ーーOnly onii-san, is an exception.”

Louis seemingly envied, jealoused, deeply loved, yearned for the power of『Return by Death』from the innermost depths of her heart.
The young girl who had grown tired of this world, was deeply in love with and yearned for the man who conferred upon her the solitary fresh moment.

Louis: “Hey hey, what does death feel like? It’s surely rough, right? It’s agonizing, right? It’s terrible, right? It’s painful, isn’t it? There was also a time when it didn’t hurt, isn’t it? Some say it feels good, is that true? When dying, do you actually always feel delighted? Or, do you stop caring anymore? An easy victory? Hey, hey hey, heyheyhey!”

Subaru: “……If you, have my memories of everything till yesterday, then shouldn’t you be knowing all that.”

Louis: “As memories, you see! But, on second thought that is old, as it’s not real! We want a more raw experience. We can’t be satisfied by a reused stale ingredient. What will satisfy us, is a new, fresh and juicy state of mind nobody is aware of ~tsu!”

Resuming her words, saying that is whyーー,

Louis: “The sole special memories in this world, which nobody else can experience! Not just that, but the simplicity of just quickly dying and redoing upon making a mistake! Even upon finding the greatest life for oneself, there’s always the possibility of ruining it by some sort of failure, isn’t that right? But, if it’s onii-san’s life then that isn’t there! It’s alright, we’ll do it well such that nobody will find out!”

“ーーーー”

Louis: “Neither Emilia, nor Beatrice, nor Ram, nor Meili, nor Julius, nor Echidna, nor Shaula, nor Patrasche, nor Petra, nor Otto, nor Garfiel, nor Frederica, nor Lewes, nor Roswaal, nor Clind, nor Annerose, nor Felt, nor Reinhardt, nor Grandpa Rom, nor TonChinKan, nor Crusch, nor Ferris, nor Wilhelm, nor Ricardo, nor Mimi, nor Hetaro, nor Tivey, nor Priscilla, nor Al, nor Schult, nor Heinkel, nor Kiritaka, nor Liliana, no body no one no body no one no body no one! Deceiving them all, we will live happily!”

Making both of her hands, which had been pushed out, project so that they were holding out to him, Louis adorably tilted her head.

Louis: “That’s why, please. ーーLet us eat onii-san’s life, such that we fill our stomach?”

As though pleading, the young girl, from the multitude of memories possessed by herself, must have unmistakably chosen the plead, the dependency utmost befitting of this place.

Proof that no matter what kind of ingredients are gathered, should the cooking skills be poor it’ll amount to nothing.
There had been a wise saying which Subaru liked, it’s not that the ingredients are bad, it’s merely the cookery that is bad.
Never had he realised that to this extent.

Innumerable, multitudinous, numerous experience points ordinary humans could never possess.
Never had Subaru come across an existence, so wasteful and squandering.

Subaru: “ーーYou won’t get a third chance. My anguish, my death, my life, everything belongs to me. There’s not a single thing, which I’ll give you!”

“ーーーー”

Subaru: “Starve to death, bloody bastard. If you can’t choose but a single way to die in life, then that’s what I’d suggest to you. ーーSuffer the most, in this whole world.”

Gesturing a slash on his own neck with his thumb, Subaru asserted so.
In response to those words, Louis rounded her eyes then looked at both of her hands. And then, covering her face with those hands, looking up into the white sky, she groaned “A~a~a~a~a~h”.

Louis: “We, failed. We did fail. We ended up failing. So we did fail. We did end up failing. We quite indeed ended up failing. We ended up failing isn’t it. As we ended up failing…… a~h, a~a~a~a~a~h.”

With teeth clattering and knees quivering, Louis sunk down to the floor at that very spot.
Her genuinely being astound, was testimony to her coaxing Subaru with equal seriousness. Since the result of that seriousness was that wording, the style of failure of her spiritual nature held no need to be pronounced.
Neither did Subaru, rescind his gaze suggesting serves you right whatsoever.

Subaru: “I won’t become as you wished. My name is Natsuki Subaru, the name given to me by Natsuki Kenichi and Natsuki Naoko. ーーNothing else. I am myself.”

Louis: “Even though it may get overwritten, and disappear?”

Subaru: “I’ll teach you a magic spell. ーーThat is that, this is this.”

The magic spell he had struck Julius with, this time he shall face himself and strike it.
Should『Natsuki Subaru』be recovered, the Subaru of this moment may disappear. However, it’s also possible that he may not disappear. There may be a way to not erase him.
He may somehow find a way, to share the single spot of sunshine.

Subaru: “I, who enter into others’ hearts with shoes on via speaking bluntly, have no need to be mannerless and occupy the spot of sunshine either. That’s my answer. Cut your hair, stupid.”

Declaring a remark suggesting an act of abandonment, Subaru turned his back towards Louis.
He directed no vigilance towards the young girl sunken to the floor, holding her head. Right now, a way to return from this incomprehensible space was more important than that.
As quickly as possible, he must return to Emilia and the others, and once again tackle Reid’s『Book of the Dead』.
To begin with, why to this place, would Reid’s『Book of the Dead』ーー,

Louis: “ーーA~h, enough. So there’s no choice but to leave the rest, to onii-chan and nii-sama, hu~h.”

“ーーーー”

Behind the pondering Subaru, Louis revealed as though grieving.
Hearing that, Subaru, who had his ears on the floor and was knocking the ground, turned around. Louis was lying sprawled atop her own golden hair, covering her face with her palms, flapping her legs.

Onii-chan and, nii-sama.
Bynames Louis had often mentioned. If that was, just as how Subaru imaginedーー,

Subaru: “ーーLey and, Roy.『Gourmet』and『Bizarre Eating』?”

Louis: “We can’t exit this place. That’s why, unless onii-chan and nii-sama kindly eat, we can’t choose what to eat either…… That’s why, we made a request.”

Subaru: “Request……”

Ruminating the words of a bad premonition, Subaru prompted the other side of those words.
He felt Louis took awfully long to vomit out the continuation of those words. Before long, as if tracing Subaru’s impatience, Louis’ red lips quivered,

Louis: “Isn’t this the second time, onii-san has come here since last night. ーーThat’s why, both onii-chan and nii-sama, both of them have noticed. About where, onii-san is.”

“ーーーー”

ーーIt was made clear, those two menaces now drew near『Pleiades Watchtower』.

Louis: “Both of them, said they were keenly interested in onii-san, you know. That’s a matter of course. ーーBecause you kno~w, onii-san is abundantly doing experiences which they have never tasted before.”

Subaru: “Sh, it……! You…… ~hk.”

Louis: “ーーA~h, how unfai~r.”

Louis casually whispered so, upon Subaru’s shivers, having gotten to know that truth.
Louis’ whisper, possessing no chain of logic, even Subaru immediately understood what it meant.

Subaru: “Is this, an outlet!?”

Behind Subaru, who had turned back, a fissure was generated in the white space and its other side was visible, though flickering.
A clear physical disorder, an inconceivable leap through space originating within.
Inspired by Subaru’s purpose, that he must return to the library.

“ーーーー”

Louis: “You cannot. Onii-san can never. Though we wanted you to, you know.”

The existence of the outlet, before he could sail across it, Subaru wavered over Louis’ treatment.
Whether it be the sequence of events of him strangling her neck, and thereafter, also including her attitude once her ulterior motive had been made clear, it was perhaps true that she possessed no combat power greater than what her appearance suggested.
That is why, Subaru ending Louis in this place should physically be possible.
Thinking about that, for naught but a single instant, the moment he directed his troubled gaze, his true motives got seen through.

Louis: “Even if you suspect, even if you despair, you can’t kill yourself, others, or even those whom you loathe. Spineless coward. ーーEven though, we licked you gently.”

Subaru: “ーー. Well, your teeth must’ve gotten spoilt. Get them remedied, stupid.”

Subaru declared with his middle finger raised, at Louis who made a provocative expression.
Without seeing through until Louis felt ashamed by those words, Subaru tried to insert his body into the fissure in space. At that moment, that lone instant, he yielded faltering.

It was not as if he felt sorry for Louis. He felt relieved at the thought of not having to see that face again.
What Subaru felt sorry for, was not his parting with Louis, but the voice that made Subaru stand up.

For that instant alone, the young girl who had appeared, only to enliven Subaru.
Having gotten her memories and name stolen, the sole young girl who consequently called out to Subaru at the extremity of the world.

Subaru: “It’s alright. ーーI remember, the promise.”

Natsuki Subaru, shall certainly never forget that.
That is why, certainly, they shall meet again.

ーーRuminating that he would like to hear, not merely her stern voice, but also her tender voice then.

“ーーーー”

Enthusiastic for that, Subaru had his body leap into the fissure, in order to return under his comrades.



※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※


Chapter 63
ーーAs the white world peeled away, the harlequin world which lied beyond to the other side was slowly reformed.
The enormous, rough and overwhelming paintbrush of god daubed colours to the world.
It was an exotic sensation, as if witnessing the world being painted with colours from a confined, colourless space.
He had heard the legend of god creating the world in seven days, but it did not seem like god had necessarily assembled the building blocks of the world within seven days, it rather felt as if God had painted it out on the colourless canvas.
ーーThe cradle of Od Lagna. Or, the『Hall of Memories』.
Natsuki Subaru’s existence was being extracted out from a seemingly different dimension.
Being separated from that unfamiliar space into the former world, the fragments of his consciousness gradually tied up, and bit by bit, his self was being reconstructedーー,
???: “ーーSubaru.”
Subaru: “Mph……”
Hearing that voice, Subaru opened his eyes and was immediately struck upon by thirst.
As he blinked over and over again in this world with unclear vision, he realised that his back and hips felt something hard and cold. He was perhaps lying against a wall somewhere.
Immediately after that, he noticed signs of an existence before his eyes.
“ーーーー”
In front of Subaru was an anxious girl with a peculiar pattern in her eyesーー it was Beatrice, with a flamboyant dress and a cute appearance.
Subaru realised that he had returned from the『Hall of Memories』to the former world, to the watchtower, to despair and apprehension.
Subaru: “ーーAh.”
Beatrice: “How’s your consciousness, in fact? Are you alright, I suppose? It should be confirmed that you didn’t accidentally lose your memories, in fact. First up, do you know Betty?”
Blinking her eyes, Beatrice touched Subaru’s face and chest in the weighty environment.
Though she knew that it wasn’t something she could confirm by touching him, to someone who’s worried, it served as reassurance. With his cheek being touched, Subaru answered and said “I’m fine, I’ll be alright”, adhering to the mood.
Subaru: “No problems at all. I do remember. My memories are safe, you…… Beatrice, I haven’t forgotten about you. Of course, that goes for everyone else as well.”
Beatrice: “……We~ll, you’ll get praise for calling Betty’s name the first, in fact.”
Having touched Subaru’s cheeks, Beatrice let out a sigh of relief and relaxed her eyes upon witnessing him call her name. At her reaction Subaru also loosened his lips and stroked her head without any hesitation.
As he felt Beatrice accept his palm with narrowed eyes, he took a deep breath and Subaru reaffirmed his memories, their safety.
Although he had asserted “I remember” before Beatrice, it was something difficult to affirm.
The encounter he had had immediately previously with the Sin Archbishop of『Gluttony』, Louis Arneb.
She was unquestionably a monster who had eaten countless『Names』and『Memories』, but to Subaru that ability of her’s of apparently eating memories yet remained undetermined.
It was uncertain whether actually biting was needed, or just to declare『Eating』, or if it was a further complex procedure. ーーThe greater the constraints and commitments, the more complex the requirements, the greater the power granted to one’s hands is how it goes. He wanted to deduce it.
Regardless, Subaru had no idea whether or not those conditions had been fulfilled in the『Hall of Memories』in the first place. The truth was he did indeed make physical contact, was bitten in the arm and had gotten licked. If they were the conditions, then he had completely been swept away by the mood and been defeated.
Therefore, the possibility of his memories being worm eaten despite showing no conscious symptoms was sufficiently probable, butーー,
Subaru: “ーーIt’s probably fine. The promises and feelings of love, are all still within this heart of mine.”
His heartbeats rose when he thought of Emilia, and felt the desire to caress Beatrice upon being worried. It was proof that he wished for the safety of his comrades, and dubiety disappeared from his mind.
He need not proceed alone, at the very least, and he shan’t experience those horrors again that way.
???: “ーーNatsuki-kun, have you come back?”
A voice stroked Subaru’s eardrums whilst he reaffirmed the presence of his memories in his mind.
Raising his face, he saw Echidna with her light purple hair fluttering, with Beatrice beside him. After seeing her step up, Subaru made a belated realisation.
Subaru: “…….What about Emilia-chan, and the others?”
Echidna: “Good, seems you haven’t lost the ability to look around. Do you remember what you had been attempting to do just previously?”
Seeing Echidna ask pompous queries, Subaru glared back into her pale cerulean eyes and looked at the shadows he sought at the other sideーー he comprehended that a few of his comrades were missing.
It couldn’t possibly be something cute that they were hiding behind the various bookshelves within the library. Touching the thick black cover closed on his knee, Subaru exhaled.
Right now the members present here wereーー,
Subaru: “Beatrice and Echidna, and Meili……?”
Meili: “Onii-san, so you’re finally u~p? You really had us on the edge, it seems you even overslee~p.”
Subaru: “Oversleep you say……”
Whilst Meili had her hands on her hips and reprimanded him, Subaru scratched his head.
Calming his heart down, Subaru tried determining the situation.
He could not see Emilia, Ram, Julius or Shaula in this room.
Only the aforementioned three were here, and all four of them happened to be non-combatants. Plenty strange in this situation, but what was further strange wasーー,
Subaru: “It can’t be that I woke up right after opening the book, right? How much time was I unconscious for?”
Beatrice: “ーー. About an hour, I suppose. Till now the books got finished in a few seconds, so there was concern whether something happened to Subaru, in fact.”
Subaru: “One hour……”
Thanks to Beatrice’s answer, Subaru figured out the time lag between the『Hall of Memories』and reality wasn’t large.
The challenge he faced now truly was different from what would’ve happened had he read the 『Book of the Dead』normally. That『Hall of Memories』really did exist somewhere, and the time he spent there seemed to be legitimate as well.
He encountered Louis, had his heart tormented, licked by Louis, and tried strangle her throat and deny『Natsuki Subaru』ーーand, was made to refuse that with gently harsh words.
There was nothing wrong with the thought that all that time could have been some convenient dream seen by Subaru. However, it couldn’t be ignored that a finite amount of time had passed as a matter of fact.
Subaru: “Why are Emilia-chan and the others, not with you?”
Echidna: “While you were, quite literally, immersed in that book, some abnormalities came up here as well, you see. The four not present here are going around, dealing with them.”
Subaru: “Abnormalities……?”
Echidna: “The first one to notice the abnormalities was Shaula. It could perhaps be said that it was expected of the one who holds the position of defending this watchtower.”
Although the content she spoke seemed calm, her tone wasn’t. Echidna responded to Subaru’s words with a voice into which her repressed sense of urgency was getting leaked.
She pointed to the entrance of the room, the staircase which led downstairs,
Echidna: “Shaula said that something was approaching the tower from the outside. She was being quite sharp then. In order to confirm the reason behind the abnormalities, she rushed out giving nobody the time to even stop her……”
Meili: “The cool onii-san then went after he~r. Meanwhile, the silver-haired onee-san and the maid onee-san went to see the sleeping younger sister.”
Subaru: “So that left all four of us in this place. ーーTo be honest, though it makes me feel a bit lonely, it was the correct answer. Especially in this situation, I don’t want anyone amongst us to have unknown whereabouts.”
Responding to Echidna and Meili’s report, Subaru sighed in response to this situation of utter disarray.
Subaru was thankful to Shaula, who noticed the concerning matter, to Julius, who followed her, and to Emilia and Ram for their actions as well.
If the body of the blue-haired girl, Rem, could be safeguarded, then he could crush all his worries one by one.
ーーIn face of the emergencies that shall occur hereafter.
Echidna: “ーーThat reaction, Natsuki-kun, do you happen to be aware of something?”
“ーーーー”
Echidna asked the abrupt question seeing Subaru’s subtle expressions. Targeted by that mindful gaze, Subaru tried to respond that very second, as he shook his head.
There was no need for him to mix up or complicate matters further. All he had to do was to speak those vexing words as they were and let his comrades worry.
Subaru: “I’ll tell you what happened starting from the conclusion. ーーThe plan of reading Reid’s book and seeing through his past failed. I couldn’t see his past, and there’s no time for that now.”
Beatrice: “You could not see his past, I suppose? What in the world does that mean, in fact?”
Subaru: “Something got in the way. ーーThe Sin Archbishop, of『Gluttony』.”
Beatrice: “ーー~hk!”
Finally he managed to convey those words.
Hearing the words that came from Subaru’s mouth, Beatrice blinked her eyes in astonishment. Though Subaru had heard of the words Sin Archbishop for the first time by Louis, it perhaps wasn’t the same for them.
Echidna: “Though it’s quite difficult to conceive, the Sin Archbishop of『Gluttony』is in the book…… in this situation, saying that it was in the book has room to be doubted, but you’re saying it was in it and?”
Echidna furrowed her eyebrows and folded her arms, pondering with a strained face. In her eyes levitated doubt, but even greater unease. On top of that, unease directed toward Subaru.
It was obvious that her unease directly pointed towards Subaru’s memories such that it could be ascertained without words.
Subaru: “Though Beatrice had said the same earlier, I didn’t lose my memories…… that’s what I mean. I haven’t forgotten the faces of my friends, and my love for Patrasche is still genuine.”
Meili: “I don’t know why dragon-chan’s name was mentioned there tho~ugh……”
Puffing up her cheeks, Meili expressed irritation upon the mention of Subaru’s dragon.
Her anger was befitting. The truth was, Subaru had the criminal record of losing his memories once already. The presence or absence of his memories was uncertain, and nobody could prove the unconscious, asymptomatic loss of memories.
ーーHowever, only the Subaru present here at this place, instead declared that wasn’t the case.
Subaru: “It makes me happy that you’re all so worried, but I haven’t forgotten anything. I give the stamp of approval.”
Echidna: “I am very doubtful of the existence of that stamp of approval right now…… but if you possess such confidence, then I’m sure you must have some basis for it, yes?”
Subaru: “ーーBecause when I was completely cornered by『Gluttony』, Rem saved me, you see.”
“ーーーー”
The potency of the name he had mentioned echoed merely within Beatrice.
That’s why, whilst Echidna and Meili remained to have a puzzled expression, Beatrice on the other hand was completely astonished, with her eyes twinkling.
Subaru nodded in response to that Beatrice. ーーNo matter how trivial a memory, the only reason Subaru could boast around having not gotten them stolen by Louis was solely her existence.
In that place, when Subaru’s heart was on the verge of shattering, the young girl encouraged him and made him stand up.
Her existence did not allow for such an opening to be given to『Gluttony』, was what he believed.
Beatrice: “Subaru, let’s have a detailed explanation, I suppose. That too……”
Looking directly into Subaru’s black eyes, Beatrice asked for a detailed explanation. However, by the ending of the young girl’s words, a deathly quakeーー shook the tower, and the shaking sensations repeated.
Though it was obvious that the bookshelves would shake, the shaking of the tower itself was obviously unnatural. This was probably because of the emergency that Shaula went to take care of.
Henceforth, Beatrice blinked merely once.
Beatrice: “As briefly as possible, in fact.”

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
Subaru: “ーーWhen I dove into the『Book of the Dead』, I was brought to a white, empty place instead of Reid’s past. That’s where the girl who’s the Sin Archbishop…… of『Gluttony』was, she named herself as Louis. According to what that Louis said, that place was something like Od Lagna’s cradle, the『Hall of Memories』 is how it seems.”
Inside the tower, with continued tremors pursuing the soles of their feet, Subaru commenced explaining what he had seen in the『Book of the Dead』.
The reality of his encounter with the girl in the white space, and that place being called as the『Hall of Memories』. The interposition of a supernatural existence possessing overwhelming strength, Od Lagna.
Though they were just an unknown bunch of words and phenomena to Subaru, they must be worthwhile information for those who were aware of both the common knowledge and absurdities of this world.
In response to what Subaru had explained, Beatrice thoughtfully muttered “Od Lagna……”.
Subaru: “Louis, said it was a mechanism to keep the world from breaking or something. Do you have any idea about it?”
Beatrice: “Betty isn’t well-knowledgeable regarding that either, I suppose. But, just that it is the core point of this world…… the place where all the mana returns to, is what it’s said, in fact.”
Shaking her head in response to the doubt, such was Beatrice’s response. Putting her finger on her sliding drills, she continued fidgeting with her soft hair.
Beatrice: “All mana returns to Od Lagna, and gets circulated…… In other words, Od Lagna is an existence heavily tied with the death and resuscitation of spirits. That’s why, it can’t be stated as something unrelated to Betty and the others.”
Echidna: “However, we are special due to our origins. Our existence does not go by way of Od Lagna. In that sense, unlike other normal spirits we are able to hold an objective view at Od Lagna, I suppose.”
Subaru: “Unlike normal spirits, you say…… Is that so. So I guess that’s behind you all living for long despite your appearance.”
Echidna took over Beatrice’s words, and Subaru was convinced by what she said.
Though the topic of conversation itself had gotten deviated, it seemed it was true that Beatrice and Echidna had lived for several hundreds of years.
The reason for the longevity of their lives was perhaps their origin of being spirits.
Subaru: “If you ask me, I think Beatrice’s cuteness makes her more of a fairy than a spirit.”
Beatrice: “……That, Subaru said that once before too, I suppose. It seems stupid Subaru doesn’t know, but fairy is not a compliment here, in fact. That’s why, we~ll, Betty can’t feel either straightforwardly happy or be angry for being insulted, so it’s just weird, I suppose.”
Subaru: “Hmm, is that so. Apologies for my rudeness, then.”
Certainly, he had heard that in foreign places home to fantasy, the image of fairies deceiving and harming humans was quite common.
If that thought applied to this world as well, then it was natural that calling someone a fairy won’t be considered a compliment.
Subaru: “Sorry. I meant that you’re so cute that I want to eat you up.”
Beatrice: “The feeling of wanting to eat being complementary to cuteness is what is strange, in fact!”
Subaru: “Huh, is that so? Don’t you kinda just feel like putting cute stuff inside your mouth?”
Meili: “That reminds me, bad animal-chan’s carefully take their babies in their mouth and then crunch them to death, isn’t i~t.”
Beatrice shivered in response to Meili’s unnecessary remark.
Regardless, the topic had deviated once again. What was crucial here wasーー,
Echidna: “ーーThat, cradle of Od Lagna. What kind of a place is the『Hall of Memories』?”
Subaru: “The place where souls are filtered, it’s even been given that rank, did you know?”
Echidna: “Filtering souls…… in the sense of filtering and cleansing them? Thinking that the role Od Lagna played was to circulate mana isn’t even a laughing matter in front of that.”
Subaru yet again agreed to Echidna’s views.
Having witnessed that actual space, Subaru couldn’t laugh at it and call it an exaggeration.
All of the souls of the dead arrive at the『Hall of Memories』and get circulated.
Afterwards, the soul is washed off of its indelible stains like memories or history collected over the stretch of life, becoming a pure existence and gains a novel life once again.
Subaru: “I actually think it’s a pretty good explanation. The system reuses the souls of the dead…… and the『Memories』which get washed over there, become books called the 『Books of the Dead』 in this library.”
Echidna: “So you say that they don’t disappear to someplace, but instead as a matter of fact the world keeps the dead in memory. Looking at these bookshelves, it’s not possible to jokingly call you a budding poet either.”
These bookshelves, banished by this world, recorded everything that reached the『Hall of Memories』.
In other words, the『Hall of Memories』was a place for compiling and creating the『Books of the Dead』. A system whereby the memories, having been prepared in the form of books, got placed as『Books of the Dead』in these bookshelves.
And,『Gluttony』was acting selfishly with respect to how the memories and history of individuals should originally be, thus putting evil to work.
ーーThat was precisely the identity of the power endowed upon『Gluttony』.
Subaru: “If that’s true, then the function of filtering souls that Od Lagna was originally supposed to do, is arbitrarily being done by them on their own. That way, they gulp down the chipped off『Memories』into their stomachs, and have been literally eating the『Lives』of others.”
When put into words, it could be understood how viscous a deed that was.
Much less, Louis had declared it to be the『Trial and Error for Becoming Happy』. That she would snitch and eat every possible life, and select a joyful life suitable to her from them.
It was the equivalent to continually attempting to win a lottery till ultimately hitting victory.
As a result of having gained the right to draw the lot boundlessly, Louis, her elder brothers chose the path of turning others into food and thus forth grasping happiness. ーーThat was frightening and dreadful in Subaru’s perspective.
Not Louis and the others’ judgement. But the fact that their thought was not something special, something abnormal.
Should one gain the right to draw the lot boundlessly, anyone would draw until hitting victory.
That’s why the actions of Louis Arneb, were a desire exceedingly, respectably, wholly humanーー,
Beatrice: “Even if that’s the case, you’re not supposed to continue drawing the lot knowing others will be sacrificed, I suppose.”
Subaru: “Beatrice…..”
Beatrice: “Knowing that there will be sacrifices but still continuing to draw the lot, is not the way a sane person would think, in fact. That’s why, there exists no room for sympathy for a Sin Archbishop, I suppose.”
Reading into Subaru’s idea, Beatrice declared flatly.
That was an extremely clear distinction, being trapped in the thought itself was unworthy of compassion. Beatrice was well aware of Subaru’s true thoughts and had merely said the words Subaru himself was unable to say.
Yes, there was no room for sympathy.
The persons themselves may not be responsible for the situation they were placed in, or for lacking a place to belong. Even so, misstepping the very first step and thereafter continuing to travel down the wrong path is the persons’ choice.
No matter who, they must get the fruit for their actions.
Meili: “But, it’s pretty stra~nge. Why did the book, despite knowing the details of when he was alive, connected to that unknown place, hu~h?”
Subaru: “That’s…… because the soul of a dead person is recycled in the『Hall of Memories』, so the book sold in wholesale connected directly to its producer…… No, that explanation is incomplete.”
Subaru was unable to clearly clarify Meili’s doubts.
Why, did Reid’s『Book of the Dead』connect to the『Hall of Memories』.
At the very least, the Subaru prior to losing memories was supposed to have read a『Book of the Dead』at least once. He had heard that Julius also read one at the same timing, and he had even already experienced reading Meili’s book in a former loop.
But within those experiences, there was no record of the reader being thrown into that space.
Then they should perhaps consider it to be Louis’ interference.
Subaru: “But, it looked like『Gluttony』didn’t intend to summon me. It felt like my arrival was out of calculations for even her…… so she’s not supposed to have used some tactic on Reid’s『Book of the Dead』.”
Beatrice: “ーーBetty has one hypothesis, in fact.”
In front of Subaru, who was drowned in his thoughts, said Beatrice with a finger raised.
Looking at her fingertip, Subaru said “Hypothesis?” and asked her to continue.
Subaru: “Tell us. What possibilities can you think of?”
Beatrice: “The『Books of the Dead』in the library record the memories that get stripped away from souls in the『Hall of Memories』, I suppose. The normal mechanism is to read them in the form of a book……. But, what do you think will happen if that record will be used for other purposes, in fact?”
Subaru: “Using the memories of the dead in a way other than『Books of the Dead』? But, how else can they be used aside from being『Books of the Dead』……”
Echidna: “ーーAh, I see, is that so. Intelligent indeed, Beatrice.”
Subaru furrowed his eyebrows in response to Beatrice’s words. But Echidna interjected with seeming comprehension. Not just that, following up with Echidna, even Meili put her fingers on her mouth, and said.
Meili: “Could it, refer to that?”
Subaru: “Wait wait, don’t make a face as if you understand. You really hate losing huh. It’s nice finding a new part of yourself like that, but just honestly saying you don’t understand what you don’t, like a child, is perfectly forgiven, that’s the position you’re in.”
Meili: “Isn’t onii-san the one here who hates losing, hu~h? Even I can properly understand when I put my thoughts to it and then say that I do~…… The redhead onii-san above, is like that, isn’t he~.”
Brushing Subaru aside with her hands, Meili confirmed to Beatrice. Subsequently, Beatrice let out a sigh,
Beatrice: “Meili’s idea is correct, I suppose…… Reid is, like that, in fact.”
Subaru: “Um, that means?”
Echidna: “Reid’s past could not be referred to through his『Book of the Dead』. That is because there is no record of Reid Astrea actually in it. Reid’s record right now is being used differently, ーーIn order to reconstruct Reid Astrea in this tower, as the trial taker.”
Subaru: “Ah!”
Hearing Echidna’s explanation, Subaru finally came to understand as well.
It was convincing if that were indeed the case. It did not contradict what all happened as a result of Subaru reading the『Book of the Dead』.
Beatrice: “Reid’s memories are being utilised not for being read but for reconstruction, I suppose. It can be conjectured why Subaru couldn’t read them earlier, in fact.”
Subaru: “Along with that, it also explains how the me of yesterday got memories eaten by Louis at the『Hall of Memories』.”
It was beyond doubt that the Subaru who was there until yesterday had noticed the same way of capturing Reid as the current Subaru. The fact that as a result of trying it out, he read Reid’s book in the library, and was sent to that white world, as well.
The truth was, Louis herself had said that this was her second meeting Subaru since last night. She ate Subaru’s memories upon their first contact, and tried to consume even the leftovers when they met the second time.
Subaru: “But, if you take that into consideration, then this book can never be used as Reid’s capture book, huh…… No, forget about that, this is a dangerous book that would send you straight to an unwished one-on-one confrontation with『Gluttony』.”
Echidna: “I suppose so. Regardless, though unexpected, it is fortunate that we figured out the reason behind Natsuki-kun’s memory loss. Taking memories away was not a function of the tower…… Because for the moment, the tower likely didn’t aim to create a trap which led to contact with『Gluttony』.”
Subaru: “That’s, we~ll, I guess that’s true.”
It was unknown whether the creator of the tower had taken into account the transition to being before an instantaneous death. It was perhaps only incidental that it ended up like this, is what he’d like to believe.
Otherwise, the personage who prepared the installations in this tower possessed an extremely destructive way of thinking, or possessed a personality nasty like a demon.
Though Subaru had no memories of it, Shaula referred to them as Master-sama and claimed them to be the same person as Subaru, so he currently feared greater damage caused by gossip.
Subaru: “Reid was reconstructed, the book was one which was『Empty』. That’s why that『Book of the Dead』connected directly to Od Lagna…… would that be correct?”
Beatrice: “That’s the only hypothesis as of now, I suppose. It’s still a mystery why one of『Gluttony』was hidden and lurking in there, in fact. But, the one thing that can be said is……”
The series of inexplicable events that happened around Reid’s『Book of the Dead』.
There was one hypothesis around that. Naturally, questions whose answers were yet undiscovered remain unanswered. However, unfortunately, Subaru and the others did not have the time to ponder over that question.
Its proof beingーー,
???: “ーーEchidna! Is everyone alright!?”
Rushing up the stairs, a solitary knight arrived in this archive of『Taygeta』. Echidna quickly turned her head backwards and rounded her eyes.
Echidna: “Julius, you seem in quite the hurry, don’t you?”
Julius: “Unexpected matters have come up. I want to hear everyone’s thoughts, as soon as possible…… hm.”
The good-looking young man, Julius, approached them whilst answering Echidna’s question.
He had stiffened his cheeks with faint nervousness and vigilance, but upon seeing Subaru eye to eye sitting on the floor, his yellow eyes slightly widened.
Julius: “So you have woken up, Subaru. That is indeed very fortunate. Do you know who I am?”
Subaru: “I guess so, that worry comes first. Um, so you are……?”
Julius: “ーーI knew it.”
Subaru: “I’m lying! I’m joking! You are Julius Juukulius! What’s up with that I knew it with that serious face of yours! I came back all well and good!”
Julius: “Hmph. I was also joking. Think of it as payback for your incurable childishness. ーーNow I shall be telling you something which slightly isn’t laughable.”
Subaru made a strained expression, having gotten cornered in the argument. Snorting in response to Subaru’s reaction, Julius subsequently braced his expression without any delay.
Just as what he said, he perhaps intended to report something which wasn’t something to laugh at.
Julius: “While I would like to hear Subaru’s report back from the『Book of the Dead』, this is an emergency. ーーThe abnormalities Miss Shaula noticed have been confirmed outside of the tower.”
Subaru: “I can’t see that Shaula anywhere though……”
Julius: “She, is dealing with the threat from the outer wall of the tower at this very moment. However, that will surely not suffice.”
Subaru glared at Julius, gesturing the roundabout nature of his words. Receiving that sharp gaze, Julius let out a short sigh and commenced by saying “Apologies”.
Julius: “You all must have also noticed that there are slight tremors. They are, footsteps.”
Subaru: “Footsteps?”
Julius: “Yes.”
Subaru and the others tilted their heads upon the unexpected word, and seeing them, Julius inhaled for a second and resumed.
Julius: “ーーThe Witch Beasts which existed in various parts of Augria Sand Dunes are charging towards this tower all at once. Although Miss Shaula is fighting them back, it is only a matter of time before they manage to break through inside.”


Chapter 64
ーーThe arrival of the Witch Beasts to the watchtower.
Upon Julius’ report of the Witch Beasts of Augria Sand Dunes making a collective charge inside, Subaru and the rest’s cheeks stiffened and a hue of seriousness dyed everyone’s eyes.
What they could feel at the soles of their feet, were tremors faintly jolting the tower’s floor and rumblingーー upon hearing that they were literally the footsteps and neighs of Witch Beasts echoing across the tower, it was impossible to not feel unrest.
Subaru: “Though I barely know about this desert aside faintly knowing how humongous it is……”
Back when he attempted to escape the tower upon being impelled to be suspicious of everything, and the desert’s severity which foiled his plan to flee at the first step, was something Subaru hadn’t actually experienced.
Merely the sight of unending sands spreading as far as the eye could see was difficult to forget, so he was able to make suitable imaginations.
Regardless, it was also hard to imagine that the desert was overflowing with living organismsーー,
Julius: “Augria Sand Dunes is a place where Witch Beasts live en masse, you see. Such that the Witch Beasts targeting any human that may enter the sands is a bigger issue than the severity of the environment.”
Echidna: “Formerly, there was a military contingent dispatched with the plan to annihilate the Witch Beasts. Though, the result of that should be obvious from the sound of these footsteps.”
Julius and Echidna gave their respective responses to Subaru’s question.
In other words, Subaru’s hope of the rumbling earth being naught but mere paper tigers and that the number of enemies coming was at best at the level of a zoo had been an immense miscalculation. To be precise, it was rather at the level of an entire savanna of Witch Beasts.
Understandably enough, it was sufficient to make one despair.
Howeverーー,
Meili: “ーーSo, you realised that you should call me~?”
Raising her voice, said Meili whilst fiddling with her braid.
The only one to not show any signs of『Anxiety』upon the report of the Witch Beasts’ arrival, was her. Though her reaction did not intend to imply that this wasn’t an abnormality.
Her reaction was the kind that she didn’t perceive the Witch Beasts to be a threat.
Julius: “Although it is quite pathetic, it’s just as you say. I want to borrow your strength.”
Cheeks stiff, Julius nodded in response to Meili’s question.
Leaving the Witch Beasts charging in great numbers up to Meili, who possessed the ability to command Witch Beasts. ーーJulius’ idea was understandable. The first thing Subaru came up with had also been this.
However, a queer sensation caused the alarm bell to ring depths of Subaru’s chest.
Beatrice: “Subaru? What happened, I suppose? That’s a somewhat strange face, in fact.”
Subaru: “……Having a strange face, has been my destiny ever since I was born.”
Beatrice: “That goes just for your eyes, I suppose.”
Immediately beside him, Beatrice noticed his bitter expression and looked at him in concern. He sighed a large amount of carbon dioxide out, along with something shapeless like unease. That was indeed, something ambiguous and vague, with no tinge of concreteness.
Julius: “Subaru, are you concerned about something?”
Subaru: “Don’t come at me asking questions one after another. That being said, I guess it’s my fault for making a face that’d give that impression. On top of apologizing for it, I have something else to say. An exclusive scoop I picked up from the『Book of the Dead』.”
“ーーーー”
Beatrice halted her breath and widened her eyes, having already heard those words. In all honesty, the reaction could be anticipated, but he couldn’t explain without stating it.
The reason behind the sudden change in situation, why the Witch Beasts were charging towards the tower in such great numbersーー,
Subaru: “ーーIt’s『Gluttony』. The『Gluttony』Sin Archbishop, is sending the Witch Beasts to the tower.”
Julius: “ーー~hk, why?”
Subaru: “I’ll have to apologize for that. I met one of『Gluttony』in Reid’s『Book of the Dead』. To be exact, I reunited with one of『Gluttony』. It seems I met last night as well. That is……”
Julius: “The reason behind your loss of memories, is what it means, huh.”
Subaru nodded in response to Julius’ immediate arrival at the conclusion.
Though difficult to say it was as per expectations, Julius’ ability to understand was immense. Associating the name and power of『Gluttony』, using that knowledge, he immediately reached the desired conclusion.
Julius: “I cannot say I’m not unsettled. I ask again, did you truly not get anything stolen away from you this time?”
Subaru: “Fortunately, aside from my whole life being stalked and shared, I’m still complete. Though, I just explained all that to Beatrice and the others.”
Julius: “I see…… Beatrice-sama?”
Beatrice:”Betty is also anxious about what you fear, in fact. For the time being, no abnormalities were present, I suppose.”
Subaru: “You really can’t trust me, can you……”
With a convinced expression, Julius immediately turned to Beatrice for confirmation. Though Subaru understood that it was a matter beyond helping, he still found himself at a complex state of mind.
Regardlessーー,
Subaru: “It seems like, due to the incident last night, the enemy grasped that we are over here. After about half a day…… they’ve come here to meddle along with their pets, is that what this means, huh?”
Echidna: “Considering the normal speed of traveling, arriving at this tower in half a day is hard to conceive. Especially considering the obstacles Witch Beasts pose as during the course of the journey. However……”
Subaru: “However?”
Echidna: “Unlike the difficult journey we had, if『Gluttony』holds the power to make the Witch Beasts abide command…… then the issue would be merely the speed of traveling.”
Subaru crossed his arms with a strained expression upon Echidna’s comment, whilst she shrugged her shoulders.
『Gluttony』possessed the power to make the Witch Beasts abide command, it would be appropriate to assume that as minimum. At the very least, there was no room of doubt in that the Witch Beasts were advancing towards the tower due to the enemy’s direction.
It should be kept in mind that they possessed such means as well.
Subaru: “What about the issue of the speed of traveling?”
Echidna: “……The vast sandy terrain. Even if the Witch Beasts were to not pose as an obstruction, the speed is bound to fall should one tread through sand. I would like to believe that it would still take a couple of days even if the path taken is straight to the tower and one never gets lost.”
Subaru: “But, are there any other possibilities?”
Echidna: “ーーIt would be a totally different story if an aerial route is used in case the overland route will cost time.”
Subaru: “Aerial route……!”
Subaru openly expressed his astonishment with his black eyes widened, upon the presentation of the unforeseen possibility.
An aerial route, if that was a feasible way then it would certainly reduce travel time drastically. A flying bird is faster than a walking man, that is how it usually goes.
Subaru: “Due to my arbitrary preconceptions, I thought means of flying would be an exception. Magic exists anyway, so something like flying in the sky is pretty normal, huh.”
Beatrice: “That is not the case, I suppose. Flying is a complex variety of magic, its procedure is very complicated, in fact. Considering the danger of crashing, normally nobody would be willing to take the risk and do it, I suppose. The one who would do it would either be an idiot or a genius, or otherwise an idiotic genius, in fact.”
Julius: “Though it was commonly said that Margrave Mathers makes attendance to the royal castle through the skies……”
Beatrice: “That would be the idiotic genius, I suppose.”
It seemed that Beatrice didn’t particularly like this Margrave, whom he hadn’t met.
Whilst looking at the cutely pouting Beatrice, Subaru tilted his head upon being told that flying magic wasn’t usual.
Subaru: “If it’s not magic then, a huge bird…… Ah, a dragon! They must have ridden on some flying dragon’s back or something!”
Echidna: “In fact, the technique of taming flying dragons has been established as a secret in the Vollachian Empire to the south. Though the Empire has full monopoly on that technique, with the evil techniques of『Gluttony』then simply usurping it would be simple.”
Subaru: “They could just get it by someone who knew that technique. By taking away their memories with a lick, huh.”
Should that be considered, the enemy owned far too powerful methods when it came to intelligence.
By eating the『Memories』, everything regarding what was intended to remain secret could become one’s own, and by eating the『Name』, that very happening, as a matter of fact, along with the opponent’s entire existence could be written off.
ーーIt is often said that, memories are what shape people.
“ーーーー”
Subaru thought that a person’s worth, path, is etched into memories and history.
Possessing the sense of values where he especially thought so right now, Subaru truly despised the power of the foul playing『Gluttony』from the very bottom of his heart.
Ruinsome.
『Gluttony’s』power, of plundering the memories of others, was evil that blasphemed against everything and brought ruin.
To use it for one’s own joyfulness, for one’s own pursuit of happiness was absurd. With mistaken methods, illogical ways, distorting and twisting fate.
ーーWell, is onii-san, who uses『Return by Death』, going to be saying that?
Subaru: “ーー~hk.”
Beatrice: “Subaru!”
Beatrice called out to Subaru who subconsciously bit his lip with force.
Feeling his arm being pulled, his line of sight and her deep blue eyes then intersected. He could feel a sharp ache at the edge of his mouth, and it was pathetic that this painful wound had been inflicted by his own bite.
Licking the blood exiting the wound with his tongue, Subaru lowered his head saying “Sorry”.
Subaru: “For a moment, her ridiculing face came up in my head, you see. Making that thing have a thoroughly tearful and sorry face is one of the biggest goals, but…… the problem which comes first are that thing’s big brothers.”
Julius: “It is already known that there are multiple Sin Archbishops of 『Gluttony』, but did you grasp something?”
Subaru: “It’s rea~lly confusing cause of the incomprehensible first person, but, probably. There’s one rolled up in the『Book of the Dead』, and that one has two big brothers, I think.”
In the『Hall of Memories』, Louis had frequently mentioned the bynames『Onii-chan』and『Nii-sama』. If that was to be taken at face value, then it would mean that Louis had two elder brothers.
Whether that were to be exactly taken as proof of『Gluttony』being three siblings was a separate issueーー,
Subaru: “At the very least, she was not the type who’d use such a tactic. We~ll, not that I, who slightly lost to the force of her personality, can say that.”
What would have had happened had he gone as per the enemy’s plan, and strangled that slender neck?
If it wasn’t for the voice of the young girl of blue hair that had appeared then, then by now he would’ve surely.
Meili: “ーーSo~, what does onii-san want to sa~y? Making stopovers here and there and beating around the bush is onii-san’s bad habit, rea~lly.”
Seemingly interrupting her drowsiness, Meili jolted her body and made a dissatisfied expression.
The young girl, who was supposed to have already gotten her role assigned to her since the beginning, seemed to be incredibly discontent due to being made to wait as is.
Comprehending her displeasure, Subaru said “I know” and commanded with his hand.
Subaru: “I understand how you feel, but this is the minimum necessary conversation. Beating around the bush is certainly my bad habit, but think of it as a part of my charm and be charmed……”
Meili: “Do you want to get chewed u~p?”
Subaru: “Sorry! It’s just that, a ton of Witch Beasts have come! Then, let’s request professor Meili, who is an expert in Witch Beasts! That kind of a flow is normal, right? I must’ve said. The enemies are the ones who stole my memories.”
Meili: “That mea~ns……”
Meili lowered her tone once again, seeing Subaru speak cautiously. The true meaning of what Subaru wanted to convey had been conveyed to her as well.
And the same went for his comrades around them, who had changed their expressions.
Taking an extensive view of the faces of his party members, Subaru resumed whilst scratching his head.
Subaru: “I’ll introduce by saying it’s my fault, okay? But, they have my memories. ーーThey will lay traps knowing the strengths of our lineup. We will have to beat them at their own game.”

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
ーーThe one who controls intelligence, controls the battle.
Natsuki Subaru, who had grown up in modern day Japan, poisoned by various game cultures, recognised that this saying was a formula of victory in modern day warfare.
Even if that were not the case, victory in a game of poker in which the opponent has already seen one’s hand was impossible, a logic obvious to even children.
Henceforthーー,
Julius: “If the opponent has seen our war potential, then I shall agree with your concern.”
Whilst leading the way, Julius narrowed his eyes and conveyed merely the caution in his words behind.
He shared the cognisance that it was dangerous to not know the opponent’s move, as well as explaining the situation only briefly. Regardless, the thought of the balance being destroyed on top of not knowing the opponent’s move did not prevent him from keeping his head raisedーー,
Beatrice: “Keeping important information a secret and it being found out later is much more scary, in fact. Subaru’s current idea is correct, I suppose.”
Subaru: “Really? It’s alright? You all don’t hate me?”
Beatrice: “Why are you so uneasy, in fact? It’s alright, I suppose. Nobody hates Subaru, in fact. Rather, everyone li-li-li-……”
Subaru: “I get it I get it. It’s alright, I’m relieved. I love you.”
Whilst holding hands and walking side-by-side, Subaru nodded at Beatrice as she tried to somehow encourage him. In fact, the speaker got far more embarrassed than the listener.
Words of love are much lighter on the one telling, than the one being told. There is no need to doubt one’s own feelings.
Subaru: “So, where’s Shaula!?”
Julius: “Ah, just a bit more…… over there.”
Dashing in front of everyone, Julius pointed towards a stone passage. Though the passage appeared to be a dead end, a hidden sideway path was present on the right.
Lowering his hips, Julius passed under the wall and his body then arrived outside of the tower, welcomed by vehement winds filled with sand and sounds impossible to get accustomed to.
ーーThat, sounded like an innumerable amount of glass shattering on Subaru’s ear all at once.
???: “Ah, hiyah hiyah hiyah yahyahyahyahyahyahyahyahyahyahyah~!!”
“ーーーー”
That place was a space like a balcony installed on the wall of the tower.
Though it was something he knew thanks to the enormous spiral staircase connecting to the lower floors, but the fourth layer existed at a height far above several hundreds of meters.
Amidst the parched winds, dancing about in the lofty balcony was a stylish beauty with a long, lustrous braidーー,
Subaru: “ーーShaula!”
Shaula: “Ah! Master-sama, you’ve come here!? I’m so happy! My world stage, it feels like a workplace inspection! Since my esteemed master has come for inspection, take a good look and feast your eyes!”
Shaula replied to Subaru’s shout with a dazzling voice, whilst he covered his eyes with his arm to protect them from the sand. What she did with the same energy, was a fantasy difficult to believe in its own way.
For about the balcony’s width, countless gunports had been deployed horizontally that had been generated in the air.
Gunports would be a slight bit of exaggeration, but there were no other words befitting it that he could think of. Gunports, muzzles, shooting portalsーー in any case, they were openings for firing something for sure.
The white, great gunports, which had been deployed through forming something akin to a magic square in the air, their aims were tilted diagonally towards the ground.
Andーー,
Shaula: “ーーInfinitied Hells Snipe!!”
Subaru: “What the, that’s so cool!!”
Upon Shaula’s casting shout, the white gunports glimmered brilliantly.
The sound of shattering glass then repeatedly echoed through the sky of the sands, crushing Subaru’s howl. At the same time, the gunports lost their form and dissolved into the atmosphere.
This was the true identity of the high-pitched sound that had welcomed Subaru and the others upon their arrival at the balcony earlier. And, there was only one reason why Shaula was utilising them.
ーーFiring bombardments as much as possible, the coronas approached the ground with the speed of light.
Upon making impact on the sand, they released a violent lustre and blew away the ground. The same impact was also placed on the backs of the savagely rushing Witch Beasts atop the sand.
The Witch Beasts, which were aiming for the tower and gave rise to a plume of sand, received the coronas on their backs, their blood and flesh scattering across the sand subsequently. The thirsting sand sipped their flesh, the scattered corpses were trampled by the other Witch Beasts, the coronas’ carpet bombing heartily and unmistakably reduced the total number of the approaching Witch Beasts.
The number of coronas was close to a hundred, and each aimed for and struck down two or three Witch Beasts.
This was what Shaula had fired in rapid succession within a short period of time. Also considering the interval when Julius went to call Subaru and the others, just how high a number would be the total shots fired by her.
However, against the horde of Witch Beasts which submerged the environs of the tower like an army of ants, even Shaula’s carpet bombardment only provided resistance eventually bound to fall short.
That was how large an obstacle were the numbers of the Witch Beasts gathering from the sands.
Subaru: “Hey, hey, hey…… I don’t really want to hear about it, but could it be.”
Echidna: “From this footing, only a single direction from the tower is visible. However, the same scenery also spreads on the other side of the tower as well. That chain of thought is not wrong.”
Subaru: “It’s also possible that, just this side of the tower has been painted with luring sugared water, you know.”
Beatrice: “If there’s someone who actually did such an idiotic antic, then Betty will slap them with full force, I suppose.”
Unending tremors, and wriggling black lumps underneath.
Hearing that they were approaching the tower from all directions, Subaru got on the verge of collapsing due to this overwhelming reality. Digressing, he also wanted to object to the appearance of the Witch Beasts visible from afar.
Far too grotesque, ominous, inexplicable, a C-grade design by god.
Shaula: “What do you think, master-sama! Did you see my great service!? Also, that angle from behind was an appeal for Master-sama. What did you think about that as well!?”
Subaru: “You, such an unwavering nature even in this situation, it’s amazing, I ordinarily admire it! Since you seem the type on whom complimenting the process instead of the result works better, well what can I say, it was totally great! Nice bulk! Also, no matter which angle you decide on, I don’t have the leeway to be looking around, so keep concentrating and let’s go!”
Shaula: “Okay Google! Defense! Offense!”
The truth was, he bowed before Shaula’s unwavering spirit. Whilst throwing words rather iffy for being encouragement, he also felt guilty seeing Shaula respond gallantly.
He wanted to reward her once this battle ends safely, butーー,
Subaru: “First comes overcoming this place, that’s top priority……! Meili!”
Meili: “I know, no nee~d to shout like that. But……”
Subaru: “But!? But what!? “But, would you be fine if I fully annihilated the Witch Bea~sts?”, is that what you mean to say? Ah, it’s completely fine, rather, I request you!”
Meili: “Don’t have such cocky expectations, oka~y. Even I won’t be able to cope with thi~s many bad animal-chan’s.”
Meili looked down from the balcony with both her hands clenching her ears with a sullen expression.
Alongside, she ignored Subaru’s irrational hopes and touched her lovable, young side profile. And, licking her somewhat glossy lips,
Meili: “ーーThat’s why, I’ll make the children I had prepared move and strike them ha~rd.”
“–~Haahraan!!”
With that declaration Meili pointed her hand towards the ground and simultaneously, a huge mass jumped up, seeming as if the sand dunes had exploded.
From a point quite distant such that even the enormous Witch Beasts appeared to be tiny specs, the existence which had broken through the ground was clearly visible.
In other words, it meant that it was an appropriately gigantic existence. ーーWith the overall size of about twenty or thirty meters, a gigantic earthworm appeared and crushed the surrounding Witch Beasts with its frame.
Subaru: “That one is……”
Meili: “I figured that it may be needed, so I kept tamed and prepared. To be honest, I was intending to silently run away but running away in this kind of a place would be a fai~lure.”
With the gigantic earthworm before their eyes, Meili showed her tongue whilst Subaru inhaled.
Unfortunately, Subaru’s astonishment was not directed towards the earthworm itself, but to the fact that he had memories of that earthworm. That was the Witch Beast which Subaru had encountered once when he had tried to escape from the tower.
Thinking back to it, Subaru had also been victim to the earthworm, which jumped out altogether from the underground.
What was also in the nook of his memories was that the earthworm had been blasted away by a white lustre.
So Meili had been behind the earthworm and Shaula had been behind the lustre.
Tasting surprise and startlement upon the delayed convincement, Subaru, with a bitter expression, caressed her head with his hand and patted it rather forcefully, which she was unable to dodge for how sudden it was.
Meili: “Wah, ah, he~y!”
Subaru: “I don’t know if it’s just your nature or your habit but, you don’t have to act villainous. I’ll never believe that you tried to run away leaving us all behind, anyways.”
Meili: “Mgh, how can you say something like tha~t?”
Subaru: “That’s, cause I am you and you are me, everyone’s different and everyone’s nice, probably.”
Meili: “Huh?”
Meili stood with an expression of failing to comprehend, and neither did Subaru intend to make her understand.
Ultimately, Subaru, at the present stage, was able to see through all of the deceit in Meili’s words. For he had once inspected and read through the memories of her dead self as something which was his own.
Considering her self who was in the tower while she didn’t have a change in her sense of values at the very least, he could surely speak to her like he understood her.
And, while keeping his hand on Meili’s head, who groaned “Ugh” in displeasure, Subaru directed his consciousness towards the outbreaking situation at the present point in timeーー and the commonness of the happenings in the former loops.
The Witch Beasts advancing in great numbers perhaps coincided with the situation of burning centaurs inside the tower whose invasion had been permitted last time. In other words, the incident of the Witch Beasts being allowed to invade the tower itself had also happened last time. It had been Julius who put up a fierce fight in order to drive them out.
In that case, had Shaula been dealing with the Witch Beasts from the exterior of the tower like this time.
And since she was unable to suffice, the result was the Witch Beasts’ invasion being permitted.
However, the same shall not happen this time.
They now had an advantage at their side which made a huge difference compared to last time when it came to this large horde of Witch Beasts.
That was the existence of Meiliーー the very girl who had lost her life unintentionally at the hands of Subaru last time, was the existence who possessed the key to open through the deadlock of this situation.
Subaru: “If Meili fights the Witch Beasts alongside Shaula, then the situation will change. Does that mean Julius’ hands will be open? If that’s so, then……”
ーーIt would be possible to use the war potential named Julius, to deal with a separate problem.
“ーーーー”
The instant that thought dawned upon Subaru, he understood that it was essential to direct various people to needed deployments for dealing with the various problems that have repeatedly occurred in this tower.
ーーThe large horde of Witch Beasts covering the sand dunes.
ーーThe Sin Archbishop of『Gluttony』, who will launch an attack on the tower.
ーーThe titanic scorpion which will wander around the tower with an expression as if it owns the place.
ーーThe colossal black shadow which will swallow not only the tower, but the sand dunes as well.
ーーAnd, Reid Astrea, who will eventually start freely walking around the tower.
Subaru: “Our war potential would be me and Beatrice, Emilia-chan and Ram. Meili with Shaula, and Echidna with Julius…..”
Echidna: “Additionally, two ground dragons and the healing spirit of the Green Room, how about counting them too? It will only be an advantage to think of them as choices, I believe.”
Echidna shrugged her shoulders before Subaru, who was counting the strength of their side and the enemy’s. Nodding in response to her words, Subaru decided to include Patrasche and the large healing spirit of the lower layer to the cards in their hand.
Just as Echidna had said, it was not a situation in which they could afford to keep any hands free.
Subaru tilted his head, since the inclusion of all available cards was necessary, it was also necessary to fulfill their conditions for victory.
Even in that sense, he wanted to have a grasp on all of his comrades’ positions such that he could reach themーー,
Subaru: “ーーHey, wait a second. No matter what, this is way too late, isn’t it?”
“ーーーー”
Subaru: “Emilia-chan and Ram, went to the Green Room just to see Rem and the others, right?”
Subaru tasted the sensation of having his throat parched, upon the delay in uniting with the two female comrades who were not here.
The Green Room was on the fourth layer, the same layer Subaru and the others were on. The possibility of them not knowing about this place and going astray in the rest of the tower was also probable, but.
Julius: “It’s this situation. If they don’t know our location, then Miss Ram would surely use some way and find us. In fact, Emilia-sama is supposed to have broken the wall and shown herself.”
Subaru: “Ram aside, the hell is with your evaluation of Emilia-chan. There’s no way she’d break a wall with those adorable, slender arms of hers. Even if she does, she doesn’t have that kind of a personality, right?”
Beatrice: “Loss of confidence is good proof, in fact. But, Betty also has a bad feeling about this, I suppose.”
Subaru: “ーー~hk! Shaula! Meili! Can I leave this place to you!?”
Gaining Julius and Beatrice’s approval, Subaru called out to Shaula and Meili. Upon hearing that, Shaula, who was busy piling up the deployment and firing of even more gunports of light smoothened up, and Meili brushed away her braid and puffed her chest.
Shaula: “Leave this place to me and go on ahead!”
Meili: “If this keeps up, I’ll do whatever I ca~n. I won’t let it pass by if you don’t come back with onee-san and the others all sa~fe.”
With Shaula saying the line he’s always wanted to say at the best possible moment and discovering a side of Meili which allowed them to rely upon her, Subaru nodded towards Beatrice and the rest, subsequently sprinting.
Diving through the wall, he slid onto the aisle,
Subaru: “Even though Meili and Shaula are holding out, what’s the possibility of the Witch Beasts penetrating into the tower?”
Echidna: “It’s not as if it’s not possible, but the underground sand chamber we fell into…… right, Natsuki-kun does not remember it. There was the possibility of entering the tower from there. But, thanks to Meili-kun, that is.”
Subaru: “When the Earthworm was raging about, the underground collapsed?”
Echidna: “The subterranean tunnel had so many fork roads. I doubt it would’ve managed to withstand it in terms of strength.”
Subaru clenched his fists upon Echidna’s affirmation.
In other words, the doubly beneficial existence of Meili, had held the Witch Beasts’ stampede back. It was possible to have plenty of defence to ensure they didn’t enter either from the ground or the underground.
If the large horde of Witch Beasts had been dealt with, then that would largely leave four more problems.
Even though they were a sufficient matter of concern, there was still one left, one which must be overcome with certainty.
After overcoming those five perilous pathsーー,
Subaru: “By us, this tower must be……”
Captured, immediately subsequent to him having that word on the tip of his tongue.
???: “ーーBarusu!!”
Subaru: “ーー~hk! It’s Ram!?”
Dashing towards the Green Room, he raised his face towards the voice which had reached the other side of the aisle. Upon observing, rushing fiercely towards the four composed of Subaru and the others was a black shadowーー it was Patrasche.
The ground dragon with sharp looks, clinging onto its back was Ram who had the sleeping Rem’s body tightly embraced in her slender arms.
Subaru: “Ram! Along with Patrasche and Rem, are you alright!?”
Ram: “Yes, somehow, you see. Ram had a mountain of problems in the time Barusu was dozing off. How can you even sleep in this situation. Kindly stand up immediately.”
Subaru: “I’m sorry! Both of you sisters, don’t reproach me! Look, I’m properly standing! I’m running!”
Nimbly dismounting from the ground dragon’s back, with Rem still on the saddle, Ram’s cutting eloquence struck him.
Since her words happened to be similar to those of Rem’s when she had gone off like an explosion in his dream, a queer thought appeared in his mind that they were sisters not just by looks.
Ram: “ーー? While Barusu’s odd attitude is concerning, now is not the time for that.”
Upon hearing Subaru’s words Ram briefly furrowed her eyebrows, but immediately turned her head back and diverted her attention towards the rear.
That was, the aisle she just came fromーー the direction in which the Green Room was.
Subaru also felt uneasy about Ram having brought only Patrasche and Rem with her, and not Emilia who was supposed to be with her.
Subaru: “Ah, I also have things I have to ask about and tell you about. You, were supposed to be with……”
Ram: “ーーOn the other side of the aisle, Ram came across the opponent who named himself the Sin Archbishop of『Gluttony』.”
“ーーーー”
Declared Ram with absolute clarity, slashing down his question.
Daunted by the strength of those words, Subaru, along with Beatrice and Julius, sealed their mouths right. Thus the one to react the most differently was Echidna, who had been disturbed the least.
Subaru: “You just said the Sin Archbishop of『Gluttony』, right? That, on the other side of the aisle?”
Ram: “Yes, that’s right. ーーAnd, someone is battling that Sin Archbishop of『Gluttony』.”
Subaru: “……Someone?”
An explanation exceedingly unusual in impression.
Ram’s words did not change, brimming with ambition and confidence, and the existence of unintelligible portions itself yielded a terribly far-reaching unease.
When Subaru pressed those unintelligible portions, Ram nodded with a “Yes”.
She nodded, and said.
Ram: “ーーAn unknown person of silver hair, is clashing with the Sin Archbishop of『Gluttony』. Even right now, after telling Ram and the others to escape.”


Chapter 65
ーーAn unknown person, of silver hair.
Subaru: “Huh?”
Ram’s unexpected expression yielded a faint gap in Subaru’s consciousness.
Had it been simply “A person of silver hair” it would have been wording quite dubious, but it surely would’ve allowed Subaru to not embrace any feelings of oddity.
There was no question that Emilia was a possessor of beautiful silver hair. Her amethyst eyes were also beautiful. Her face and all other parts constituting her body were so cute, seemingly a piece of art made by God himself.
However, merely that one unnecessary “unknown” largely changed implications of what was stated.
Subaru: “An unknown person, of silver hair……”
Ram: “Yes, that’s right. Someone who had never been seen in this tower before. At the very least, that person did not seem to have hostility towards us…… Seeing the situation, Ram retreated for the moment. But”
Julius: “ーーNo matter who joins in as reinforcement , if the opponent is『Gluttony』 then it is an entirely different issue.”
Nodding in response to Subaru’s whispers, Ram turned her eyes towards the direction she came from. Taking over Ram’s words whilst making a grim expression due to the unrest caused by the echo of『Gluttony』, was Julius.
Tightly pursing his lips, he touched the knight sword attached to his waist.
Julius: “Though it is an unforeseen encounter, now that they have shown themselves here as enemies, they cannot be allowed to escape. Our goal was to find a way to negate the damage brought about by the Sin Archbishops of『Gluttony』and『Lust』in the first place. If they themselves have appeared, then we simply need to hear it from their own mouths.”
Ram: “Agreed. Ram too, has no intentions of letting him return alive. For they must be made to regret coming here so carefreely.”
Subaru: “W-Wait! Wait a second! I understand your eagerness! I understand but…… ~hk.”
Whilst the two displayed their hostility towards『Gluttony』, Subaru thoughtlessly called for a pause.
Julius, who had had the existence known as himself erased from the world, and Ram, who had gotten her beloved younger sister thoroughly devoured away from her own heartーー he understood the two’s motivation for defeating『Gluttony』. The truth was such that Subaru felt opportunities both good and bad had arrived at the same time.
But, the problem here wasーー,
Subaru: “In your entire conversation, there was no mention of Emilia’s name. What about, that?”
“ーーーー”
Feeling a bad premonition about it, Subaru fired his doubt straightforwardly.
Ram’s unnatural manner of speech, and the lacking response from Julius and Beatrice with regards to Emilia. Upon turning his line of sight, he noticed even Beatrice and Echidna did not wear expressions which would come from sensing something odd.
They had accepted Ram’s comment about “An unknown person of silver hair” as is.
Ram: “ーーWho, is Emilia?”
Subaru: “ーー~hk.”
As Ram tilted her neck without concealing any of her doubts, Subaru’s throat was parched in surprise.
Upon observing, Julius and Beatrice, even Echidna were looking at him with an expression of incomprehension in their eyes. ーーThe impact he felt by that, was not faint.
Subaru: “I mean.”
Things were at a level which would make one think just what had happened in the interval of a single minute.
Prior to things reaching this level Subaru had been talking about『Emilia』with Julius and the others. First of all, the reason why they dashed from the balcony into the interior of the tower was due to the concern caused by Emilia and Ram not joining up with them and wishing for their safety.
How did that, in the matter of a single instantーー,
Beatrice: “Subaru, could it be”
Suddenly Beatrice, who was holding Subaru’s hand, changed her expression as if having noticed something. The first one to notice was Beatrice, but the rest of the members all subsequently had their expressions changed as if having guessed correctly as well.
They immediately came to realise that the name Subaru had mentioned, the name which did not exist in their memories, was a name that held great significance to them.
Beatrice: “Emilia…… Is that, the name of that silver haired girl?”
Subaru: “ーー. That’s right. If there was a girl of silver hair, then that is the girl named Emilia, a comrade of ours. That’s why, she told Ram to escape and stayed there herself. She’s fighting even right now.”
Julius: “l believe something like that, is possible to occur. Not anyone else but I myself have tasted that feeling.”
“ーーーー”
Responding to Subaru’s strengthless answer, Julius touched his bangs as if having heard something difficult to believe.
Julius made no effort to conceal his astonishment, but Subaru also once again felt the extent of the reach of『Gluttony’s』power, its immediate effectivity, its atrocious and fiendish nature, and sensed its true fearsomeness.
Speaking honestly, though Subaru was aware of the fact that his memories had been stolen, his experience of its real feeling was rather weak.
Of course, upon the disappearance of his memories misunderstandings and suspicions were yielded forth, his negative emotions towards Emilia and the others were difficult to forget, an act of dark history which, if possible, he would like to forget for eternity.
But, even still, his real feeling of it was weak. The act of searching for something which never existed upon feeling that it did was an uncertain battle akin to fishing in a wide ocean on a night with zero visibility.
That’s why, his real feeling of it was faint. But, that was not all.
Forgetting Emilia, the person whom they remembered a moment ago, the comrade whom they had undergone numerous hardships with. ーーWas there anything at all more fearsome than that.
Usurper of memories, trampler of reminiscences, devourer of bonds was『Gluttony』, and these were its habitual crimes.
Having finally witnessed it personally, Subaru came to understand.
『Gluttony』were villains who only cared for their own joyfulness, who trespassed and raided into territories which should never be laid a finger on.
Ram: “ーーUgh, kh.”
Subaru: “Ram!?”
And, Subaru somehow digested the astonishment. In front of him, amongst the members shocked regarding the theft of the memories of a comrade, Ram suddenly knelt down on that very spot.
Beside Patrasche, leaning against the feet of the black dragon Ram exhaled out a rough breath.
Subaru: “What happened? Are you alright?”
Ram: “……Ram’s head, just hurts a bit. Upon thinking about that, unknown person.”
Subaru: “About Emilia……?”
Subaru wrinkled his forehead with his eyebrows in response to Ram, who had her hand on the head and made an expression faced with adversity.
Possibly, if『Gluttony』had robbed away the memories of Emilia, Ram must have witnessed that scene with her own eyes. Subaru wondered, if that was having its effect.
However, Beatrice voiced out “Subaru” with stiffened shoulders as she shook her head,
Beatrice: “It’s better to stop trying to remind about it anymore, in fact. It’s too absent, I suppose.”
Subaru: “Too absent, you say……”
Beatrice: “The sloven part of the Authority of『Gluttony』is showing itself, in fact. ーーThe parts where the stolen person has not been established as absent from memories are too many, which leads to parts of discrepancies, I suppose.”
“ーーーー”
Hearing Beatrice’s words, Subaru had been rendered speechless for a moment.
However, he immediately swallowed its implication and understood its meaning.
The Authority of『Gluttony』was exercised, and Emilia’s memories disappeared from Ram and the others.
Ram’s position was Emilia’s caretakerーー otherwise said, a master-servant relationship. In their bond, though difficult to explain, there was a certain warmth which both of them felt for each other.
With that erased entirely, born was a vacuum in the place where the existence of『Emilia』should’ve been within Ram.
Memories are akin to something like articles of reminiscences kept inside a drawer.
Normally one isn’t conscious of their presence there, but upon opening the drawer when trying to remember, what one witnesses are a variety of things. ーーIf that isn’t so, then life shan’t come into existence.
In other words, should Ram search for Emilia’s name within herself here, she shall be doing something equivalent to the fatiguing work of opening the drawer endlessly and failing to find it.
Echidna: “I shall look after her.”
Subaru: “Echidna……?”
Beside Ram, who had distorted her expression in agony, Echidna stood in a row and stated with her hand raised. Subaru looked at her with surprise and subsequently Echidna shrugged her slender shoulders,
Echidna: “Right now, we do not possess the time to be arguing and discussing. All the more when『Gluttony』has arrived, and one of our comrades has gotten their name stolen and is continuing to fight. We mustn’t halt our feet.”
Julius: “Echidna, please take care of Miss Ram and her younger sister. Please distance away from the battle along with Patrasche.”
Echidna: “Yes, leave it to me. ーーJulius, this is a do-or-die situation, but make sure you don’t heat up.”
Julius: “I know. My fighting spirit has grown cold quite a bit. Just like this sword.”
Julius immediately accepted Echidna’s suggestion and turned his dignified gaze towards the front. He brimmed with such keen fighting spirit, enough to make Subaru be at a loss for words.
Subaru: “Ram.”
Ram: “Though frustrating, even if Ram goes, Ram will only get in the way. Kindly leave Ram behind and go. However, kindly spare『Gluttony’s』life. Rest is all on Barusu.”
Subaru: “Sounds like you’re talking about beef or pork, but anyway, don’t worry. We’ll go!”
Ram: “ーーYes, kindly succeed.”
Leaving behind Ram, who had a frustrated expression, Subaru nodded towards Echidna who was going to stay with them. He then caressed Patrasche’s neck before commencing his sprint and looked at the side profile of the sleeping beauty atop its back.
“ーーーー”
Unchanging, silent, breathing so faint as if she weren’t breathing, Rem’s eyes remained closed, witnessing an eternal dream.
For now it’s fine this way. He had already received the words he should have from her.
What remained wasーー,
Subaru: “Just you wait,『Gluttony』……! I’m fed up of letting you eat any more!”

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
ーーIn all honesty, that doubt continued to come to his mind ceaselessly.
Why did the effect of the Authority of『Gluttony』, not show on Subaru.
Even after Emilia’s name was robbed away and she disappeared from the memories of Beatrice, Ram and the others, Emilia’s name, form, voice continued to exist clearly within Subaru.
The fleeting feelings he held for her were still present within his chest, unforgettably.
Subaru: 「Because I, came from a different world…..?」
Because of that, this world’s rules may not affect Subaru.
If the memories of this world were records of life which get chipped away from the souls of the dead in the『Hall of Memories』, then the fact that『Gluttony’s』power of snatching and usurping them does not apply to Subaru may be because he is an exception who came from a different world, that was perhaps a possibility.
In that case, the memories of『Natsuki Subaru』would also be etched into this world’s『Hall of Memories』if he was treated as a temporary dead. Otherwiseーー,
Subaru: “ーーAm I『Returning by Death』, because I can’t do that?”
That was, the cold conclusion capable of making one shudder which he arrived at.
If that was the answer to the question why Subaru was『Returning by Death』, then Subaru’s life would follow an endless spiral of living in this world.
To summarise, it meant that he would spend decades and decades in this world, unable to die from even ageing.
If Subaru was going to complete his life without being applied to this rule, in other words it must be in a world where Natsuki Subaru could truly deposit his memoriesーー,
???: “ーーIce Brand Arts!!”
Subaru: “ーー~hk!?”
That instant, his consciousness, drowned within thoughts, was slashed up by the sharp voice of a silver bell.
What stretched before the rushing Subaru, who was sprinting with his head raisedーー the aisle which led to the Green Room was frozen white, and he was welcomed by a dreadfully icy wind feeling upon his skin.
And as its origin was a fairy of snow moving her body as if dancing within the fluttering diamond dustーー so it seemed, but it was actually Emilia, with her silver hair fluttering.
Emilia: “ーーYah! Hiyah! Hi! Yah!”
Swinging around the twin swords of ice in her hands, Emilia unleashed a fierce attack whilst raising her voice. Her yell somewhat had a sense of dejection to it, however her velocity was not lacking whatsoever, as she sprinted with swords of ice.
The blades evidently launched a blow onto the confronting enemy, and tried to end it with a single strike.
Subaru: “That is……”
And, the environs of Emilia as she fluttered and danced about with the ice swords in her hands, the aisle which had become her battle field had been frozen a bluish-white, a transformation which gave the impression that this was an entirely different world from the tower in the desert.
Perhaps this was the effect of the ice magic utilised by Emilia having stretched onto the environs. As if this was an extraordinarily powerful power even in this world, Beatrice and Julius inhaled upon laying their eyes on it.
However, greater than that wasーー,
???: “A~haha~! You’re doing it, you sure are doing it, aren’t you doing it, you’re really doing it, it seems you’re doing it, because you can do it, because you’re doing it! It’s something we’ve eaten too~!”
Confronting Emilia, whilst warding off the hurled ice swords lightly and easily, the laughing and sneering existence was pronounced and prominent.
“ーーーー”
That had been a young boy, with long, dark brown hair waving about freely, expressing a smile dyed with melancholic insanity.
His age in his teens, his outfit shabby, it had even started losing colour in some spots. He did not appear healthy or clean whatsoever, but what was utmost repulsive about him was the glint in his eye, having limitlessly scorned others, turning them into food without any hesitation, a glint which had caught a glimpse of the despair and longing for『Life』.
It could be understood at a single glance. There was no need to even mention it.
The reality that there was an existence aside from Louis Arneb with such eyes, was intolerable.
Subaru: “ーーSin Archbishop of『Gluttony』!”
Gluttony: “A~ha~! Customer! Well nope! It’s the main dish, onii-san! We had also been eagerly waiting to meet you. Seems like you looked after little sister, isn’t it!”
Hearing Subaru’s roar, having brushed off Emilia’s sword strikes『Gluttony』intensified his evil smile. Alongside dreading that ominous smile, Emilia also noticed Subaru and the others in the rear, letting out a surprised voice saying “Eh!”
Emilia: “Ah, everyone! Um, you may not know about me, but that’s the enemy! The bad guy! Leave this place to me…… though you may not, know about me!”
“ーーーー”
Emilia had correctly grasped the situation she had been placed into with respect the existence of the comrades behind her.
Of course, she must have received a shock, having gotten her memories vanished from others. Thinking of only having gotten forgotten due to that impact, she had not taken Subaru into account, who had never experienced forgetting like this.
However, not only did she firmly let Ram escape, she was looking out for Subaru and others who had rushed to this place whilst continuing to battle『Gluttony』like this.
A flood of emotions, and Subaru shouted.
Subaru: “It’s alright, Emilia-chan! I’ve not forgotten!”
“ーーーー”
Subaru: “I won’t forget you anymore, I swear! No matter what happens, I will not forget you!”
Tossing his fist up, that is what Subaru conveyed to Emilia’s back.
The instant upon hearing it, Emilia’s eyes twinkled wide, but then straitened a moment later.
“ーーーー”
Subaru was unaware what emotions must’ve bloomed within her mind at that moment.
However, it was certain that those emotions were not related to anything negative, judging from her minute smile.
At the same pace, Emilia clashed with『Gluttony』head-on, heaving the ice twin swords and then drawing out a lance of ice from the floor, dancing about with moves of ice and pursuing the enemy.
Julius: “Surely you do not realise the extent of the affect your words had on her just now.”
Subaru: “Ah?”
He heard Julius spill those words with a smile right beside him. His words sounded like they possessed an extremely deep meaning, Julius refrained from responding to Subaru after he turned around.
However, he drew out and assumed the sword on his waist, having sketched a clean path.
Andーー,
Julius: “There’s no need to even ask, but she is on our side, isn’t she, Subaru.”
Subaru: “Yeah, that’s right. No way she’d be our enemy with that cuteness!”
Julius: “ーーI understand.”
Julius’ form, as he responded with a nod, faded from the edge of his vision. ーーNo, that was an illusion.
The very next instant, accelerating with a single step, Julius flew into the melee of ice and his piercing strike captured『Gluttony』, who had both of his arms crossed in front of his chest, as he took a gigantic leap behind.
Gluttony: “Woo~ps, onii-san is……”
Julius: “I had been eagerly awaiting this moment,『Gluttony』ーー!”
Julius’ sharp sword strike forcefully drilled into the faintly smiling『Gluttony』. However,『Gluttony』killed and nullified the impact by jumping backward on his own volition, and knelled his throat after positioning his feet on the frozen wall, a gesture filled with gloom and sadness.
After that,『Gluttony』let his lengthy tongue peek through provocatively,
Gluttony: “Heyhey, don’t charge and bump in like thi~s. Sorry, but we and us don’t share everything that got eaten, you see~. We don’t remember seeing onii-san. Doesn’t that mean that not us, but Roy is the one to blame?”
Julius: “ーー~hk.”
Gluttony: “Well, guess you can also possibly think there’s not much difference. Regardless, Roy aside, we don’t really have much interest in onii-san, e~h. Feels like it doesn’t match up to our eating standards?”
Julius: “Eating standards, you say?”
Gluttony: “Ah, yeah yeah. That’s……”
Hanging both of his hands down languidly,『Gluttony』had repaired daggers attached around his wrists. Viewing Julius, he tried to recite in a terribly ominous style.
Howeverーー,
Emilia: “Hiyaーー ~hk!!”
Gluttony: “ーー~tsu!?”
Over there, smashing an ice floe by swinging both of her hands down was Emilia.
Her sole strike mercilessly submerged the aisle easily, with a range seemingly unsuited for battle, paying special attention to make sure that the strike allowed no way to escape.
Sensing it in the midst of the conversation,『Gluttony』changed his expression and dove under and through the ice floe and succeeded in picking up his life.
Gluttony: “Tc~h ~tsu! It’s something we knew as we ate it, but you really aren’t hesitating, are you, Emilia! If you attack like that, what if you start being thought of as a scary person……”
Emilia: “It’s fine so keep quiet! You must be aware that I am used to being thought of as a scary person, isn’t it! What’s important is how I think of everyone! Besides……”
Emilia plunged her fair knees towards『Gluttony’s』face, who had dived through the ice floe and roughened his breath.『Gluttony』accepted that with his arm, and jumped backwards upon the nullified impact.
At the same pace, Emilia looked back onto Subaru whilst finishing her words with a valiant smile,
Emilia: “The person I wished would remember the most did remember. I’m feeling rea~lly good right now!”
Gluttony: “This is why, the type which moves by feelings isn’t our strong point. It’s the type we don’t go well with the most.”
Julius: “ーーIs that so. However, I am in agreement with her.”
『Gluttony』distorted his cheeks in annoyance, and Julius’s tall figure slid behind him. A decapitating strike slashed down, and『Gluttony』accepted that with his arm which he suddenly swung behind.
However, the arm, which was yet growing, was unable to fully intercept the decapitating strike, receiving a slash ahead of his elbow it started bleeding. The consecutive strikes resumed upon『Gluttony’s』rumble of ache.
Julius: “ーーCompletely forgotten by everything once, I also felt like by losing my own footing I had been denied life, but from the very beginning I had no need to be puzzled over the place where I stand.”
Gluttony: “Tch! Ugh, ghi, ghya~!”
Putting his quiet determination into words, the sword strikes Julius was firing increased gradually.
Unable to fully accept them,『Gluttony’s』wounds gradually increased and finally receiving a decent blow on his chest, he let out a shriek.
Beatrice: “Subaru.”
Subaru: “I know. I won’t jump into it.”
Beatrice: “……It’s alright if you know that, in fact.”
Julius resumed his fierce attack, whilst Emilia also launched a merciless strike towards『Gluttony』. On the other hand,『Gluttony』was on defencive, intercepting the two’s attacks.
Of course, had it been possible then Subaru also wanted to join in and assist in cornering『Gluttony』, but it was extremely clear to him that he did not have the ability to do so.
Right now right here, he had no choice but to watch and believe that there will come a moment when the combination of Emilia and Julius will defeat『Gluttony』. Howeverーー,
Gluttony: “You’re quite doing it for a hurriedly constructed combination ~tsu! But, how about thi~s?”
Emilia: “What?”
Gluttony: “ーーIce Brand Arts.”
Despite continuing to bleed,『Gluttony』did not erase his smile of leeway, and whispered so whilst facing downwards with a sorrowful tone. Upon hearing that whisper, Subaru and Emilia raised their eyebrows in astonishment. Unable to comprehend its meaning, Beatrice and Julius furrowed their eyebrows. However, all four of them stood stunned at the spectacle which followed.
The following moment, a lance of ice shot up from『Gluttony’s』feet, and Julius evaded it by turning sideways at once, whilst Emilia transformed the lance of ice in her hands into an ice hammer and blocked it through forceful destruction.
However, even if they had avoided a single attack did not mean that they had not been surprised and caught off guard and had to switch from offence to defence.
Gluttony: “Haha ~tsu! How does it feel to have your own signature move be eaten, hu~h? How is it, how does it, just how is it, well how is it, how would it be, how will it have to be, how must it be, how does it have to be is what we’re saying, how does it feel is what we’re saying, gluttonous drinking ~tsu! Gluttony ~tsu!”
Emilia: “ーー~hk! Suddenly”
Julius: “His movements changed!?”
So voiced Emilia and Julius in astonishment, whilst before them『Gluttony』drew out weapons of ice from the floor. Upon witnessing the armament of ice difficult to model, Subaru inhaled.
For that wasーー,
Subaru: “E-Excalibur!?”
Gluttony: “Even if Ice Brand Arts itself is Emilia’s move, the one reconstructing it is us, who ate onii-san, you see~! Knowledge is weaponry! We are intellectual Sin Archbishop.”
Subaru: “ーー~Hk”
Whilst saying so,『Gluttony』lunged down the holy sword of ice he had reconstructed himself, and struck the brilliant decapitating slash into Emilia and Julius. Of course, by its appearance it was a weapon which had reconstructed only through ice, and nothing like light energy was being released from it.
However, keeping up that energy『Gluttony』produced weapons which do not exist in this different world in succession, and cornered Emilia and Julius into disadvantage, who had been stabbed with surprise.
Of course, Emilia immediately took her stance again, abandoning the initial impact and tried to counterattack『Gluttony』, however,『Gluttony』changed his battling style as if a different person entirely, and the war situation where they tried to cope with that but were cornered into disadvantage again continued.
“ーーーー”
Witnessing that offence and defence of『Gluttony’s』, Subaru learnt the menace that was the memories of a plurality of people being taken in.
Emilia’s move of successively producing weapons of ice was sufficiently strong by itself, but once the user’s power of imagination was appended to it, it transformed into a move which appeared to be completely different. Especially the knowledge of another world which Subaru brought in, the weapons reconstructed from that were extraordinarily problematic.
Although not in this world, there existed a mountain of armaments which had suitable utility. This was the fault of Subaru’s guilty history, as when he was in junior high school he had been absorbed in reading books about weapons of the past and the present, the east and the west.
On top of that,『Gluttony』had likely captured a large number of warriors within oneself amongst all the lives until now, and resultantly was in a form where he had ceaselessly, incessantly installed the fighting strength of countless combatants.
Henceforth, by merely hauling out the optimum memories from the stock, he transformed into an expert of that weapon instantaneously, piling up offence and defence at will.
And, there was one more cause behind Emilia’s inferior position.
Emilia: “Julius! Not there!”
Julius: “Kh…… ~hk.”
Julius’ painful stepping overlapped with Emilia’s shriek.
The cooperation between them for taking down a single menacing enemy was artless.
Emilia and Julius, their compatibility with each other when it came to cooperation was not good.
It was also largely impacted by the fact that Emilia’s fighting style relied on senses therefore she was on the『Feeling Side』, whilst Julius was on the『Technique Side』, having stacked training and discipline.
However, if the problem came to even the two’s power, then the problem would be how plausible would it be for them to know and amend each other’s habits.
Yes, should they establish a relationship between each other’s habits, if they got to know them.
Gluttony: “It sure is sad. Did you really think you could cooperate? Knowing, and trusting the partner for the time being, may be in the same direction when it comes to results but are totally different things, no? Don’t know the thoughts so can’t adjoin, don’t know the habits so can’t amend. At last, collide with one another and get in the way…… haha~, that won’t do won’t do~, you two!”
Emilia: “Kh……”
Gluttony: “Knowledge is strength! Memories are bonds! Sacrificing reminiscences, we’re high above! We are strong! We can flap wings to the highest, to the utmost is what it means you kno~w!”
Jumping above, the kick unleashed by『Gluttony』captured the two at the same time.
He yet had a petite build and his legs weren’t too lengthy, but his soles and heels placed a firm, powerful hit on the two’s shoulders with absolute perfection, and instantly blew off both of them far backwards, sending them flying as they screeched in pain.
Meanwhile『Gluttony』somersaulted agilely, landing with his limbs on the icy floor, utterly dominating the battlefield.
Gluttony: “Troubles! Impertinence! Greatly difficult fighting! What do you think of these skills of ours, eh! Onii-san who’s just watching from there too, are you satisfied by just tasting feelings of vexation, eh?”
Subaru: “You bastard……”
Gluttony: “You said something or the other about not forgetting or whatever bu~t, how much can someone with that worth even manage to save? In the end, experience ultimately determines everything. Accumulating excellent expertise is precisely what enriches life and turns people into winners. In other words, it’s us who is the greatest is what it means!”
Opening both of his arms『Gluttony』laughed saying whatever he wished to as per his convenience, whilst unraveling his sharp fangs.
And precisely the words which『Gluttony』had recited were, indeed, his philosophy. Though slightly different from『The Philosophy to Attain Joyfulness』which Louis, who was supposed to be his younger sister had recited, it was the worst kind of ideology envisioning and intending to use the lives of others as a stepping stone for rising above and fattening oneself.
Subaru thought of it as an ideology which deserved to be utterly despised from the bottom of one’s heartーー,
???: “ーーYou, the hell’re ya gettin’ all fired up for?”
Gluttony: “Wha.”
“ーーーー”
Until that point,『Gluttony』had been laughing loudly, enjoying his heyday, but the instant upon hearing that voice he widened his eyes. And, his surprise was shared by Subaru and the others.
That had been a scene of carnage, far too unexpected, trespassing onto this place without any shame.
Steadily, firmly treading on the aisle of ice, casually dressed with one side exposed, the tall figure of a redhead. With a fiendish smile, he revealed his form from the other side of the aisleーー from the direction such that he directly faced Subaru and the others, and interposed『Gluttony』in between.
Andーー,
???: “No goddamn way the greatest’d be a twisted with willpower kinda brat like you. That’s cause the greatest, the strongest, the best n’ the utmost’re all words saved for me.”
Saying so, standing there with a wicked smile was Reid Astrea, having descended from the second layer despite not being supposed to.


Chapter 66
“ーーーー”
Majestic and undaunted, the red-haired great man who had appeared in this place, Reid Astrea.
The unforeseen entrance of the man, his sharp blue eyes lacking any consideration for the other side’s surprise, his very presence caused everyoneーー even『Gluttony』to be at a loss for words.
Reid: “Heyhey, the hell ya spacin’ out for, you all. Is me bein’ here somethin’ so surprisin’ huh. It’s a matter of course, aye?”
And seeing Subaru and the others completely petrified, Reid slammed his left eye covered under his own eyepatch, and struck the sandals he was wearing onto the floor.
A gesture implicitly referring to the entire tower,
Reid: “I wasn’t even able to take a nap cause of all the damn noise happenin’ both outside and inside. It’s so borin’ that there ain’t even drinks here in the first place n’ then this happens, no way I’d tolerate it.”
Subaru: “……That’s completely your own convenience, isn’t it. As you can see we’re busy here in our own way. Don’t make things more complicated.”
Reid: “Hah! Ya said somethin’, young fish? Sorry but yer voice’s so low I couldn’t hear a thin’. Well, even if I could hear it I’d still say I couldn’t hear it.”
Subaru: “Nasty stubborn……”
And what was nasty was not merely his stubbornness, but also his timing.
Too weak to blame him, not enough substance to protest him. Subaru, stumped by the violent and relentless words, realised that he was feeling afraid of Reid and tightened his fists.
His soul, remembered the sense of defeat pertaining to Reid’s existence.
That was not simply because of what all Reid had made him experience back when he used to be filled with suspicion. He had faced his repulsive audacity even in the previous loop.
Subaru’s heart was not supposed to have feared Reid this much back then.
But now, at this moment, why could he feel it peculiarly, unusually severely.
That wasーー,
Subaru: “ーーBecause my soul, clearly recognises you as an enemy, huh.”
Reid: “Nice, young fish. Don’t mean to raise yer status from a young fish, but I’ll commend ya for not misunderstandin’ that I ain’t any convenient support.”
Subaru: “Even if you said, rejoice I’m your support, there’s no way it’d be possible to fully accept such words by you.”
Reid: “Hah! Sure said somethin’.”
Unraveling his fangs in ferocity, Reid laughed like a shark whilst Subaru concealed the chills it sent down to his spine.
Reid’s proclamation just now was also a hopeless pronouncement of a certain kind. However, Subaru had never thought of Reid as something like an ally from the beginning.
That had merely been affirmed. ーーHe had not, been mistaken.
And upon the arrival of Subaru and Reid’s exchange at a point where it pausedーー,
Gluttony: “Well sa~y, Reid Astrea.”
Yes, the personage who had promptly returned to his true spirit,『Gluttony』called out Reid’s name.
Right in the centre of the frozen aisleーー the Sin Archbishop of insanity was standing literally in the middle of Subaru and the others and Reid, and upon being glared by that line of sight glinted with vicious emotions, Reid looked towards『Gluttony』and snorted his nose in displeasure.
Reid: “Oh, what is it, midget…… What a filthy midget. What is it, filthy midget-chan.”
Gluttony: “You’re the first generation『Sword Saint』, aren’t you? Then why is that here again, hu~h? According to our memories, you, the trial taker, shouldn’t be able to come down from the upper floor, isn’t that right?”
Ignoring his humiliating nickname and provocative efforts,『Gluttony』fired the question at Reid.
The『Memories』he had spoken of were clearly Subaru’s『Memories』, which was quite infuriating, but Subaru and the others also shared the same question that he had raised.
ーーThe trial taker of the second layer, Reid Astrea’s arrival onto the fourth layer.
This was something Subaru had also witnessed in the previous loop, and had considered it as one of the five obstacles which must be cleared.
The trick behind the phenomenon of him freely walking within the tower was entirely unknown. However, that phenomenon only occured at this stage of the game. ーーShould it be said that he had been able to walk around all this time but simply chose not to, then the issue would be entirely different.
Gluttony: “Whether there’s a peculiar trick behind it, or whether the rules of the tower itself changed. Either way, you doing this is out of calculations, and we have no choice but to rethi~nk the full course in a lot of ways. After having the appetiser is the main dish and then the dessert, that’s standard, you know. Right?”
Reid: “Don’t ramble ’bout such incomprehensible bullshit, filthy midget bloody bastard.”
“ーーーー”
Reid: “I can’t come do~wn? Brace yer eyes n’ look, you. Ya can understand the stupidity yer talkin’ ’bout by takin’ a look, aye, you. Hey you over there.”
Whilst speaking, Reid pitched forward towards『Gluttony』in displeasure. His form, with his white fangs unraveled and glaring with a single eye was indeed like the natural style of a delinquent.
However, the pressure his self exerted was incomparably more than those of delinquents who gather in front of convenience stores, enough to make one feel threatened for their life by simply its aftermath.
Should it be equated, then what was standing there was a beast which was the mixture of a tiger, a bear, a lion and a dragon all in a single body.
Clad in every possible hint of violence, Reid bared his fangs.
Reid: “Don’t joke ’round, you. I’m doin’ whatever I want to however I want to. No way I’d accept someone’s instructions, you. Don’t be jokin’ ’round, you. First of all, right back at ya, the hell ’bout you. Whose permission did ya take to be makin’ a racket here. Hey, you, you over there, you.”
Gluttony: “A~haha~, how amazi~ng, how unbea~rable, it’s impossible to get talki~ng.”
Turning the holy sword of ice he held in his hand into fragments of ice,『Gluttony』combed up his long bangs.
It seemed even『Gluttony』couldn’t fare well with an opponent who was this difficult to get dialogue across to. Even Emilia, for whom it was no use arguing had hints of struggling, but Reid was multiple levels above Emilia in terms of getting conversation across to.
However,『Gluttony』said “Although” pertaining to the opponent this incompatible and resumed,
Gluttony: “As prey i~t’s the finest quality. Our appetite, as『Gourmet』, is starting to crave binging ~tsu! Eat it away! Chew it up! Lick it all! Attain the flavour! Gluttonous drinking ~tsu! Gluttony ~tsu!”
Roaring, maddening in excitement and ferocity,『Gluttony』positioned his limbs onto the frozen floor and glared at Reid.
Making his lengthy tongue peek through his white canines, as per the command of the aberrant『Appetite』which indulged in the memories of others, impossible to be understood by ordinary men, his saliva drooled and dripped onto the floor.
Andーー,
Ley: “ーーWitch Cult Sin Archbishop representing『Gluttony』, Ley Batenkaitos.”
Whether that statement was boastful or conceited, anyhow,『Gluttony』ーー no, Ley Batenkaitos gave his name, kicked the floor of ice the immediately following instant, and commenced his sprint with the velocity of a fired arrow.
That spectacle was like the hunting ground of a ferocious quadruped, and his dash was wild enough to make one truly hallucinate that as well.
Reid: “Ah, what a pain.”
Focusing on Batenkaitos charging ahead madly, Reid put a single finger in his ear and grumbled as if troubled,
Reid: “Well then, I’m the swordsman, Hauroy Larrier.”
Subaru: “Who even is that!?”
Reid: “The guy who lived beside my house in my hometown.”
Subaru thoughtlessly shouted at that excessively grand alias, to which Reid responded quite indifferently. Afterwards, he pulled his finger out of his ear and looked down onto Batenkaitos immediately before him,
Ley: “ーーLet’s eat ~tsu!!”
Reid: “Puttin’ aside if the frizzlin’ nee-chan said this, but bein’ told that by a dirty midget-chan like you ain’t makin’ me happy.”
Ley: “ーーDzu ~tsu.”
As Batenkaitos advanced in with his large mouth open, his body was intensely shifted horizontally.
That was Reid’s right leg crudely unleashed, its kick captured Batenkaitos’ torso directly horizontally in order to energetically strike him into the wall of the aisle.
Ley: “Ghu, egh…… ~hk.”
Reid: “Don’t make the sound of a chicken bein’ strangled, you. Let me tell ya, a chicken tastes delicious after bein’ strangled, but I ain’t intendin’ to eat you. Don’t care ’bout gluttony or whatever.”
Ley: “Ghi, ah!”
Reid: “Ya came jumpin’ at an adult. Hope yer prepared for a spankin’, yo~u!”
Despite being caught up in the vigour, Batenkaitos retained his senses and gave a short grin, displaying extraordinary endurance. The subsequent instant he positioned his arm upward, intending to bring down the dagger attached to his wrist onto Reid’s leg with fierce strength, which invited Reid to twitch his eyebrows.
Whilst speaking, Reid pushed Batenkaitos’ body onto the wall with his leg, and started running across the frozen aisle with a single leg at an incomprehensible speed.
Of course, having been pushed onto the wall and being slid across the surface of the wall which had the ruggedness of ice here and there, Batenkaitos was in no state to be able to resist. That damage was enormous and destructive.
Ley: “Ghi, ga~a~a~a~a~a~ーー ~tsu!”
Reid: “Heyhey, don’tcha start screamin’ by jus’ this. This way it won’t even be somethin’ to consider. This ain’t even children’s play in my era yet. Brats these days’re not only filthy but also meager aye, hey, hey, hey, yo~u!”
Declaring with displeasure, Reid stopped his feet and turned around halfway through at that spot.
With his leg which had pressed Batenkaitos onto the wall unfastened, the body of the Sin Archbishop slid down. Before that, the left leg he had balanced himself with launched a rotating kick which energetically slammed into Batenkaitos’ side, and his petite frame was lightly blown off.
“ーーーー”
With unusual vigour, Batenkaitos sprang onto the floor whilst taking a defensive stance. The Sin Archbishop, rotating at a high speed and bleeding, went through the gap between Emilia and Julius and finally tumbled onto the aisle’s interior horizontal to Subaru and Beatrice.
As he lay spread-eagled, fallen on the floor, no longer did he display any of his former strength.
All this was easily enough to kill anyone, but perhaps because of his exceptional awareness of defence, that was possibly not the case here.
Subaru: “That guy, was the formidable enemy who had been overpowering both Emilia-chan and Julius till now, right?”
Beatrice: “……No question in that, in fact. But this one exceeds norms even more, I suppose. That’s why, respectively it can be said that the situation has worsened, in fact.”
Subaru: “The war cards have only changed places, huh.”
Beatrice: “That too, to a worse opponent, I suppose.”
Beatrice, whilst tightly holding Subaru’s hand, was vigilant regarding Reid in front instead of the collapsed, immobile Batenkaitos. The same went for Emilia or Julius as well.
The war situation had already changed from the battle against『Gluttony』to a new warrior.
Even in the midst of thatーー,
Emilia: “Rea~lly, thank you for beating, the Sin Archbishop…… and, can’t we just go ahead and get along like this?”
First, Emilia spoke to Reid in a friendly manner. She offered a proposal for peace befitting of her, however in response Reid shook his head, shrugged his shoulders, and stomped on the floor.
Clearing away that proposal with those three gestures of his body, Reid scratched his head.
Reid: “Hah, don’t be sayin’ such demotivatin’ shit, you…… Actually, the hell’s up with ya, you. Yer too frizzlin’, the heck’s happenin’, it ain’t a joke! Aren’tcha fiercely frizzlin’! Why’re ya here in this place, you. The hell ya doin’ in this situation. Don’t be tourin’ ’round this sandy bullshit place, instead let’s go for drinks tonight, you.”
Emilia: “Umm, this is also the second time though……”
Julius: “ーーUnfortunately, she cannot accompany you for your evening drinks. The reason being”
Reid: “Oh?”
Julius: “A night of peace shall not visit you, an illusion.”
Saying so, as if intercepting the inelegant comment, the sole man who stepped forward with his knight sword preparedーー Julius stood off Reid as if covering for Emilia, and sharpened his gaze by honing it with knightly spirit.
Right before those yellow eyes, Reid changed his expression slightly.
Reid: “……The hell, you. Haven’t ya gotten a bit better aye. Did somethin’ good happen aye. A woman aye. Gotta be a woman, right, you.”
Julius: “I shall not deny that certain events happened which affected my preparedness in many ways, however, I will state that they were not because of involvement with a female. If the embrace of a female can heal a wounded heart, then so can the relentless reprimand of a friend.”
Reid: “Still a bastard who keeps beatin’ ’round the bush, that hasn’t changed eh. The hell do ya wanna say?”
Julius: “In other words, the fact that I am able to hold my sword like this, is thanks to my friendーー!”
An instant after that declaration, Julius tipped up his knight sword with sharp footsteps, painting the tip of his sword with beauty enough to make one doubt their eyes, and fired a strike towards Reid’s neck.
“ーーーー”
The opponent had not shown any hostility yet, such a thoughtless identification was entirely unneeded.
Upon standing at this spot, Reid’s thoughts were clearer than fire at nightーー his unrestrainable sword spirit could fleetingly even be felt on the skins of the bystanders.
It was inconceivable that one possessing such sword spirit would remain without using his weapons.
ーーReid was motivated. Just like the previous loop, without giving any regard to the surrounding situation either.
Hence, Julius made the preemptive strike without any indecision.
That choice was the optimal solution. It could be affirmed that this precise strike aimed for dampening the calm and composed attitude of Reid here, a necessity to capture this first generation『Sword Saint』.
The problem wasーー,
Reid: “ーーDo ya’ve any idea what it means to be calm n’ composed?”
“ーーーー”
Reid: “That’s bein’ able to do anythin’ with flexibility regardless of whatever petty tricks’re played, ya idiot, is what it means.”
ーーIt was that Julius’ preemptive strike had been intercepted and stopped by the two chopsticks Reid held in his hand.
Julius: “Kh…… ~hk.”
Reid: “Well, it wasn’t bad, ya know? Had I not been the opponent, ya would’ve probably made the opponent taste at least this one. ーーWell then, let’s go.”
Julius: “Shi ~hk!”
Reid laughed like a shark against Julius, who choked on even his biting words.
At the same pace, Reid gripped to one chopstick in each of his hands and swept away the tip of the sword, as well as at the same time, stomped ahead and launched blows from his chopsticks. The impact firmly struck the front of the knight sword, giving rise to a clear echo.
“ーーーー”
Two slim sticks far shorter than a sword in terms of length, but by being wielded by the expert known as Reid, turned into a weapon far greater than their size and bashed destruction.
The moment subsequent to the clear echo, the outbreaking shockwaves made Julius’ hair and clothes flutter, and sent cracks in all of the frozen parts of the aisle at once.
ーーLiterally exceeding norms, going against common sense, a lump of abnormality befitting to be named as an error of the world.
Even though Subaru had seen his physical strength several times in the past, seeing the personage himself rendered Subaru speechless.
The negativity of the fact that such a monster existed in this world, and the devilish nature of the latent feelings of the designer who decided to include overcoming this monster as one of the conditions for the tower’s capture, nauseated his chest.
Howeverーー,
Reid: “ーーAye, I’m actually impressed a bit.”
It was unknown how much of Reid’s full strength had been applied into that blow of the chopsticks.
However, it appeared that even that blow being accepted was out of Reid’s calculations, and he commended Julius’ fighting spirit for warding off the chopsticks’ strike.
Receiving that, Julius squinted his eyes whilst blood seeped out from the edge of his mouth.
Julius: “After all, I must win against you or otherwise our calculations will flunk, you see.”
Reid: “Is it yer intent to win why yer barkin’ ’bout.”
Julius: “I’m sure that must be the case. But, allow me to give you company!”
At that moment, Julius’ sword strike brimmed in light and was wildly received away by Reid with his two chopsticks.
The sword’s momentum got deflected, and Julius’ stance crumbledーー was not the case. Julius, having considered his knight sword being swept away, rotated and connected the second sword blow with no lag whatsoever.
Thus commenced a swords dance, like the flow of refined water with not a single droplet wasteful.
“ーーーー”
Subaru inhaled, witnessing the swords dance piling up countless offence and defence with his own eyes.
This was at most what Subaru was able to follow with his eyes, yes, only what Subaru had been able to follow his eyes, but this was the proof of Julius Juukulius’ willpower and disciplining seeking to reach the『Sword Saint』, called to be the pinnacle of the sword.
ーーIf Reid’s might of the sword was like blazing flames, then Julius’ swordsmanship was like flowing water.
Speaking in terms of basic compatibility then the water should extinguish the flames, however, the flames here were mighty, so mighty that they could simply evaporate the opposing water and reduce it to nothing.
Perhaps, many swordsmen akin to flowing water had been evaporated away by the blazing flames of Reid’s swordsmanship.
However, at the very least, Julius had no fear of throwing himself in there and getting himself evaporated as he continued launching destructive and unavoidable attacks upon Reid.
Andーー,
Emilia: “Don’t think that your opponent is just, Julius!”
Reid: “Hah ~hk! I ain’t forgettin’, fiercely frizzlin’! Your face’s too good to forget!”
Emilia: “Thank you for the compliment! But, there is only one person who truly remembered!”
Emilia joined in on Reid and Julius’ swords dance wielding a mountain of armaments of ice.
Due to that, Reid turned one of his chopsticks against Julius and the other against Emilia. Whether that could even serve as a counter measure, such banal sense of values were smashed by Reid’s swordsmanship.
Glaciation interrupted the swords dance of blazing flames and flowing water, and the colours of the battlefield altered into further vividness yet again.
The cast of the swords dance had been changed by one, with Reid being the opponent instead of Batenkaitos, and Emilia and Julius’ crude coordination resumedーー no, that also changed.
Perhaps due to the enemy being stronger, but much more likely that the two of them brought together their battling style in this short interval and made amendments, somehow bringing it all together finally, their cooperation turned into actual cooperation.
Beatrice: “Julius, is matching in with Emilia, in fact.”
Subaru: “You get it?”
Beatrice: “There’s also their compatibility on the basis of their personality, I suppose. Emilia showed all her strength clearly, and Julius became capable of moving accordingly, in fact. Probably because of Emilia dropping the need to match in, I suppose.”
Subaru: “What an amazing comment.”
Regardless, since it was going well, it had to have been the correct judgement.
In the end, Emilia did not hold back and did everything at her own pace, and Julius matched in with the easy to comprehend movement of the other, adorning himself being his specialty.
Reid: “Haha~! Good goin’ good goin’, you all! I’m startin’ to have fun too aye!”
Emilia: “Huyah! Siyah! Hayah! Hiyayaya~!”
Joyfully brushing away the two whilst they cordially engaged with each other, Reid laughed loudly. Emilia then let out a shout and launched a mighty attack one would not think could come from that voice, but it failed to become the decisive blow.
A marvelous swords dance, as if an illusion of water, fire and ice intertwining.
The knight sword of steel, the sticks that had seemingly been turned into steel due to the skill and force they were being used with, and the weapons of ice which struck, broke, regenerated and gave rise to high pitched notes.
A sight so beautiful, capable of making one misunderstand that there was truly such a dance being performedーー,
???: “ーーShi~ya~a~a~a~a~!!”
Henceforth, the dissonant existence which wedged itself in obstructively, seared itself into everyone’s minds as foreign to both eyes and ears.
Subaru: “Bastard…… ~hk!”
Wedging himself obstructively and rudely into the space where the three unfolded their offence and defence, was Ley Batenkaitos.
The young boy who was supposed to have eaten Reid’s kick and tumbled into a state of being almost dead. He stood up and rose once again, joining in on the battlefield as if he had not suffered any damage whatsoever.
Batenkaitos swung the daggers fastened to the wrists on both of his hands, alongside combining the battle techniques that made skilful use of his short limbs, he continuously fired fatal attacks onto the three from next to next.
They caught Emilia, Julius and Reid off guard and the three respectively defended against them, troubled and hurriedly. However, their defence against them was imperfect, and some bits of their hair and clothes got sliced off,
Julius: “How stubborn of you to not give up, Sin Archbishop!”
Ley: “Haha~! Shunning us and then having fun, stop doing such nasty things, nii-sama! Always and always having it just to yourself, eh? How unfair, truly!”
Emilia: “Reid! I’m sure you get it! There’s no point even if we fight here! Will you help us, just stay still at the very least please!”
Reid: “What a clueless woman ya’re, fiercely frizzlin’. I’m enjoyin’ myself as things’re, ya know? Even if the great stars fall from the sky, my plans ain’t bendin’!”
“ーーーー”
The four, whilst waging fierce and heroic blows upon each other, knocked their respective wills onto each other.
This was a spectacle of battle, impossible to be approached readily, impossible to reach a common ground, impossible to be disunited from the odour of blood.
For an outsider it was difficult to judge who was at an advantage, who was at a disadvantage, who was superior, who was inferior.
All what was possible was to hope for their allies’ victory, howeverーー,
Subaru: “ーーGh.”
Beatrice: “Subaru!?”
And, Beatrice was astonished to see Subaru, who could do nothing but watch and hope, kneel down whilst gripping onto his chest.
Beatrice knelt down, touching Subaru’s shoulder as he breathed hoarsely and looked at his face.
Beatrice: “Subaru, Subaru! What’s wrong, in fact. What happened, I suppose!”
Subaru: “……No, what is, this?”
Beatrice: “Subaru?”
Against Beatrice’s desperate calls, Subaru tightened his grip onto his chest and repeatedly blinked.
There was no possibility that he had made a mistake, or a move. But even Subaru could not comprehend this. Peculiarly strange, painーー unbelievable heat swelled up in the interior of his chest.
His heart was beating at a rate as if it would explode, he could feel every single drop of blood flowing within his body, an awful and incomprehensible sensation as if an alarm bell was sounding off.
“ーーーー”
He did not understand. What was happening to his body right now.
This was something that did not happen in any of the loops till now. Some sort of chronic sickness, or even worse, some sort of magical interference had possibly happened.
Rushing across all of the knowledge he possessed in his mind, he went through the worst case possibilities and shook his head.
No. This was perhaps, not something negative. The alarm bell was sounding only because of a problem.
Subaru: “Wah, ah……”
Inhaling deeply, he then exhaled.
Till now, Subaru’s brain had been getting seared by concern for Emilia and Julius who were fighting Batenkaitos and Reid before him.
In terms of the situation, his powerless self could do nothing but stand and watch.
In this situation, what seared Subaru’s brain was the advance of the five obstacles whilst they were busy with thisーー being the two remaining obstacles.
ーーThe five obstacles.
One was the large horde of Witch Beasts which surrounded the tower. One was the Sin Archbishop of『Gluttony』, who would launch an attack on the tower. One was Reid Astrea, who would start freely walking around the tower. ーーIn the current situation, there were three present.
The remaining two were, the titanic scorpion which would wander around the tower with an expression as if it owns the place, and the colossal black shadow which would swallow the tower with fearsome vigour.
Those two must also be dealt with, or the problems falling upon the tower shall not get disposed of.
At the other side of Emilia and Julius’ strenuous efforts, the moment he troubled over dealing with the possibilities seeking the collapse of the tower, his chest pounded with heat and made Subaru kneel down.
His heart continued beating fiercely.
Remaining conscious of his heartbeats, Subaru slowly breathed and closed his eyes.
He thought that he should do what his body felt like doing. Abiding by that, he closed his eyes.
“ーーーー”
Seeing Subaru’s condition, Beatrice stopped her calls.
Perhaps she possessed no affirmation either. Yet she made that gesture. Subaru was blessed to possess such understanding comrades.
And, into the back of Subaru’s eyeballs, a curious sensation welled up.
ーーThey were faint, fleeting lights levitating against dim darkness.
Subaru: “ーー?”
Faint, warm and blurry lights.
There was one right beside Subaru, and two at slight distance from him. Strangely enough, Subaru comprehended that there were lights behind him without even having to glance backwards.
Behind him, were four lights. One of them was at some distance from the rest, and, and, andーー,
ーーHe realised that one was approaching overhead.
Subaru: “ーーBeatrice!”
Beatrice: “Hya ~hk!”
For some reason Subaru blindly trusted this sensation and without any hesitation, leapt away from that spot as if jumping at Beatrice.
Hugging the young girl’s light body in his arms, Subaru tumbled onto the floor lacking all falteringーー that instant, he grasped that scorching heat raided the thigh of his right leg, as he gave rise to a wail of anguish.
Subaru: “Gha, gho~o~o~o~o~!”
He instantly realised that the burning sensation was generated from a deep wound. Perhaps in an attempt to turn his eyes away from his wounded leg, Subaru looked at Beatrice whilst hugging her.
And, forcing his eyes to open through the pain and tears, he saw.
“ーーーー”
Subaru: “I knew, it’d come, this scorpion…… ~hk!”
Subaru threw that up in rage, and what had appeared before him was, this being the second chance meeting with it as well, the titanic scorpionーー the scorpion, possessing a black shell and eyes like red luminous dots had the rest of its legs crawl on the wall as it lorded over Subaru and the others.
Beatrice: “ーーAh.”
In front of the horrifyingly humongous creature, Beatrice widened her eyes. What Beatrice could see in front of her were pincers of the scorpion that had gouged out Subaru’s leg deeply. The scorpion ecstatically upheld Subaru’s flesh in its pincers, dripping a large amount of blood onto the aisle.
ーーHe had been worried, about the obstruction of the titanic scorpion.
The five obstacles he needed to overcome, had all assembled here.
“ーーーー”
This was bad. This was bad this was bad. This was bad this was bad this was bad. This was bad this was bad this was bad this was bad this was bad this was bad this was bad this was bad this was bad this was bad this was bad this was bad this was bad this was bad this was bad this was bad this was bad this was bad this was bad this was bad this was bad this was bad this was bad this was bad this was bad this was bad this was bad this was bad this was bad this was bad this was bad this was bad.
Comprehending how unfavourable the situation was, Subaru tried searching for a means of survival within his thoughts which were being scorched by ache.
However, nothing dawned upon Subaru as to what could bring about a positive change in the situation.
Batenkaitos was here, Reid was here, even the titanic scorpion had appeared.
Even if Meili and Shaula restrained the horde of Witch Beasts, the other cards had already failed to function well with these turn of events. This, will not do.
This path, will not do. With a further, different way of actionーー,
“ーーSubaru!” “Subaru!” “Subaru!!”
Subaru, gnashing his teeth, was able to hear three voices calling for him strike his eardrums.
Beatrice’s poignant voice, Julius’ tensed voice, Emilia’s pleading voice, Subaru heard them respectively call for him, and.
Batenkaitos, Reid, the titanic scorpion, then moved towards each of them respectively.
As if in order to hinder the actions, the road of Natsuki Subaru, but even earlier than that,
“ーーーー”
ーーAn impact struck the tower with immense vigour, the entire tower vehemently quaked and a thunderous roar echoed.
“ーーーー”
With the same pace it made Subaru’s body, lying on floor jump, blew away Emilia and the others who had unfolded offence and defence, crushed even the titanic scorpion’s shell, as the world crumbled.
The small body beside Subaru was hugging him seemingly in order to protect him. Hugging back that soft body, Subaru widened his eyes in the midst of the impact.
『ーーI love you.』
ーーThere present was solely the darkness harbouring blind love, as it tried to swallow Subaru.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
ーーAt that instant everything in the world, white and black, men and women, love and hate, all had been consumed by the quaking impact but solely Natsuki Subaru managed escaping it.
???: “ーーSubaru.”
Subaru: “ーー~hk!”
???: “Uhya ~hk!”
A call to him, as if pulling that in, Subaru hugged the owner of that voice.
Within his arms, the body moved about in fluster and panick, looking upwards from the middle of his chest.
That wasーー,
Subaru: “Bea, trice……”
Beatrice: “Y-Yes, I suppose! Doing this suddenly is surprising, in fact. Well it’s not as if Betty doesn’t like it, I suppose. But, Betty was just worried that you just returned from the book……. but, seeing Betty’s name being called first is relieving, I suppose.”
“ーーーー”
Yes, Beatrice whispered whilst remaining in Subaru’s arms. Hearing her words, Subaru looked around himself.
What had happened immediately previously, he had fallen onto the aisle, his leg had also been wounded, and then into that dark, dark shadowーー.
Subaru: “…….Library?”
???: “For the moment, if you could clear whether you are still half asleep or not then I believe we could proceed with our codes of action as well, Natsuki-kun.”
That voice struck Subaru, who was astonished to find himself surrounded by the vast amount of books.
Upon looking that had been Echidna, smiling wryly whilst caressing her light purple hair. Behind her was the shelf she leaned on and Meili, who rested her chin on her hands saying “You’re finally u~p”.
“ーーーー”
Beatrice: “Wah, wah wah! Subaru! Subaru, what happened, in fact! Are you not feeling well after all, I suppose? Can you speak about what you saw in the book?”
Subaru: “Ah, well, hm. I also, need to do that, but……”
Subaru tightly hugged Beatrice’s petite body, and enjoyed her warmth.
And, recognised the reality that he must recognise.
ーーHe had returned. To this moment.
Subaru returned to this moment, having failed to overcome the five obstacles.


Chapter 67
ーーThe first thing he did was to make his heart accept the truth that he had『Returned by Death』.
“ーーーー”
Whilst stroking the concerned Beatrice’s head, who was in his arms, Subaru reflected onto the『Predicament』that he had experienced immediately previously and also were happenings of the future.
The fact that he had『Returned by Death』meant that he had been unable to evade the circumstance of crises befalling onto his life.
Abandoning the disasters he knew would arrive, he had exposed the lives of his comrades to hazardーー no, that was naive. That was not what had happened.
He had not exposed their lives to hazard. Subaru, had let Emilia and the others die.
He knew that would be what it would come down to, yet he missed it.
The existence of the five obstacles assailing the tower, difficult to be neglected. Despite knowing of them, Subaru had failed to evade the problems due to his indiscretion and naivete.
At the very last moment, what had perhaps decisively taken his life away had been the colossal black shadow, which relentlessly destroyed this humongous and gigantic tower itselfーー that was, the greatest and the final obstacle.
Including that, he arranged the five obstacles in his mind again.
The first was the large horde of Witch Beasts, pushing into the tower all at once.
The second one was the Sin Archbishop of『Gluttony』, coming with the aim of Subaru’s『Memories』and『Name』.
The third was the titanic scorpion, which invaded into the tower in sometime unknown and lurked in a blind spot, subsequently attacking.
Fourth was the rampaging Reid Astrea, swaggering about freely in the tower, ignoring all enemies and allies.
The fifth one and the last one was the black shadow, which swallowed and ruined everything.
Their circumstances evolved at the same time, and overlooking even a single one of them would easily cause the entire plan to collapse.
Could it be said that the jet black shadow which should rightfully be feared was a gesture of kindness by this unfair and absurd world by notifying Subaru of a time limit. He was in a dilemma whether it was an issue he should feel grateful for.
Subaru: “Leaving the first one, the large horde of Witch Beasts to Meili and Shaula…….”
This choice could be affirmed to not have been wrong.
Last timeーー no, it would be last to last time now, in the loops until last to last time the five obstacles must have also concurrently occured. Subaru had also witnessed the scenario of the Witch Beasts invading into the tower.
Should that happen, crucial fighting forces like Emilia and Julius would have to face the Witch Beasts in order to restrain them. That had been avoided in this loop whereby Meili had survived.
The strength of Meili’s existence was unmistakably a single step forward.
However, it was still not sufficient.
Even if the large horde of Witch Beasts could be held back, Subaru and the others were helpless against the following obstacle.
Emilia had gotten her『Name』robbed by the Sin Archbishop of『Gluttony』who had appeared, and though they somehow managed to have Julius join the fight against Batenkaitos, subsequently Reid partook in the battlefield.
Resultantly the two Emilia and Julius were forced to employ open tactics against the frontiers of both『Gluttony』and Reid, causing valuable time to be lost ultimately leading to the titanic scorpion’s intrusion, and directly hitting the declaration of time up by the shadow..
In other words, that balance mustn’t happen. Their number of moves were lacking.
On top of that, what Subaru feared was if the words of the Sin Archbishop of『Gluttony』ーー Louis Arneb were correct, two of『Gluttony』were supposed to have arrived.
He had encountered Ley Batenkaitos. However, the other one’s form was nowhere to be seen.
ーーThis was bad. This was bad this was bad this was bad. At any rate, this was bad.
Even though the situation was progressing with every second, even though Subaru alone had got a grasp on all the problems, despite piling up so many『Deaths』he did not have the full picture in clarity.
It had taken far too long for him to take a step. Why did his self, spend so much time in inactivityーー.
Beatrice: “Calm down, I suppose!”
Subaru: “Ahyah ~hk!”
Subaru’s brain overhead and almost started fuming, that was when Beatrice strongly sandwiched his cheeks between her two small hands and brought his consciousness back to reality through pain.
With her hands still on his cheeks, Beatrice resumed at distance close enough to exchange breaths.
Beatrice: “Subaru, tell what happened in the book, in fact. It’ll be fruitless if you take it upon yourself alone, I suppose. Properly talk about it, and it will be thought about together…… that is, Betty and the others’ forte, in fact.”
Subaru: “What happened, in the book, huh…..”
Hearing Beatrice’s earnest appeal, Subaru looked down onto the situation he had been placed in.
He has accepted the truth that he had『Returned by Death』. And similarly, he must also recognise and etch the place he had returned to as well.
This place was the library of the third layer of 『Taygeta』.
In the room surrounded with bookshelves housing countless『Books of the Dead』, this was the scene immediately after his consciousness returned from challenging the『Book of the Dead』of Reid.
And, speaking of what had happened to Subaru in the bookーー.
Subaru: “ーーStand up, happened.”
Beatrice: “Eh?”
Subaru: “No, I mean I got my back kicked and was driven out of giving up. Shit, this is so pathetic. I’ve made no progress at all.”
Subaru scratched his head in front of Beatrice, who rounded her eyes.
Subsequently he stood up whilst keeping Beatrice in his grasp, and slowly looked towards the environsーー towards the two of Echidna and Meili. The members who had been waiting for Subaru to wake up.
He was already aware of what the missing Emilia and Ram, Shaula and Julius were doing.
The circumstances were already breaking forth, there was no time to halt.
That is whyーー,
Subaru: “I’ll cut it short. I failed to see Reid’s memories in the『Book of the Dead』. Something got in the way.『Books of the Dead』are connected to the soles of the existence called Od Lagna, that is where I encountered a problematic one.”
Hearing Subaru’s short and quick explanation, the three widened their eyes in surprise.
Subaru gestured an apology for not giving them the time to halt and give thought to it, and continued his words.
Them beingーー,
Subaru: “ーーThe Sin Archbishop of『Gluttony』, Louis Arneb has declared war on us.”

  ※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
  Echidna: “Though I must say, we come so far to the boundary in the east and Sin Archbishops again, huh. It seems that there is a profound and immeasurable connection between them and Natsuki-kun.”
After listening to his explanation, Echidna ridiculed Subaru’s circumstances with that comment.
Whilst hearing that comment, Subaru and the others jumped and descended the staircase of the library, moving in order to reunite with their comrades who had distanced themselves from『Taygeta』.
Subaru: “Unfortunately, I happen to have amnesia. I have no idea about having a relationship with these Sin Archbishop folks if it was worth calling profound…… Am I really that connected to them?”
Beatrice: “At the very least, they are the ones responsible for making Betty and the others come to this tower, I suppose. Made a long journey through the desert, seeking a solution to what all they had done.”
Subaru: “I thought I had heard just the surface of the aim behind coming to this tower, so they were the true origin. They really can’t do anything better.”
Frowning in tediousness, Subaru was stumped by happening to have a destined relationship with unpleasant parties.
Although he did not press them much about it, both Beatrice and Echidna did not limit the people he was connected to as only『Gluttony』. If Subaru’s ideas were correct, then there were perhaps seven people who were all Sin Archbishops, thus he conjectured that the ones he had gotten involved with had not been solely『Gluttony』.
Subaru: “That depresses me, so I don’t want to talk about it right now…… oh.”
???: “Echidna! Subaru, you’re also there!”
And, when Subaru and the others returned to the fourth layer and sprinted towards the aisle, the person who came dashing towards them just in timeーー Julius, raised a voice of surprise.
Last time as well Julius had returned to『Taygeta』in order to inform Echidna and Subaru of the atypical situation surrounding the tower. They had now encountered him a bit earlier.
Seeing Subaru having safely returned from the『Book of the Dead』, Julius said,
Julius: “So you are safe, Subaru. Did you secure the vital information from the『Book of the Dead』?”
Subaru: “Though it’ll be the same explanation as what I gave to Beatrice and the others, that failed. The detailed explanation is a question for me later, so I’d like to solve these abnormal circumstances concurrently.”
Julius: “What do you mean, in other words?”
Subaru: “It means I can guess what the situation basically is. ーーRight now, Witch Beasts are surrounding the tower, right?”
The moment Subaru fired his question, an immense tremor jolted the tower.
That indistinct and constant something akin to tremors reached everyone present inside the tower. Its cause being correctly guessed made Julius gaze in slight wonderment.
However, he immediately lowered his chin and nodded,
Julius: “Just as you say. Currently, the environs of this Pleiades Watchtower have been besieged by a great number of Witch Beasts. At the outer edge of the tower, Miss Shaula is aggressively struggling and stalling the Witch Beasts’ invasion but……”
Meili: “If the identity of these tremors is a horde of bad animal-chan’s the~n, no matter how strongly the naked onee-san may stand she’ll eventually not be able to restrain them hu~h.”
Julius: “Henceforth, I want you to lend your strength. What do you say, Meili.”
Meili jumped into the conversation, and Julius faced and requested her with sincerity. Accepting his sincerity, Meili turned a profoundly meaningful gaze towards Subaru and the others.
Getting the impression that the gaze intended to ask about the pros and cons about her actions, Subaru lightly inhaled and nodded.
Subaru: “I’m requesting you too, Meili, nothing will get sorted if it isn’t for you. Sorry for this being so sudden, but please cooperate so that we can all take a step forward together.”
Meili: “…….Hmm? Geez onii-san, still so pathetic even after saying such grand wo~rds. But, since you asked me earnestly, leave that place to me. Be gratefu~l.”
Subaru: “Ah, my heartfelt gratitude! I love you!”
Meili: “How pe~tty……”
Making a sour look in response to Subaru’s gratitude, Meili consented to cope with the Witch Beasts. With this, one of the five obstacles will be cleared. Till now it had been the same as last time.
Henceーー,
Julius: “Well then, let’s take her to Miss Shaula……”
Subaru: “No, we will be taking a different code of action. Meili, do you know where the balcony is? Work together with Shaula there, and somehow stall the Witch Beasts.”
Meili: “The end of the aisle, ri~ght? Really, you don’t know ho~w to treat people.”
Hearing that, Meili spilled a sigh and dashed off. Though languid and unenthusiastic, he understood that that was her own pose seeing her move in accordance with Subaru’s orders. That was, as fast as she could run.
And,
Julius: “Subaru, with the Witch Beasts aside, you seem to possess confirmation of some sort. What are you aware of?”
Subaru: “I guess so. I’ll explain it along the way. Come with me for now. ーーWe must hurry, or Emilia-chan and the others will be in danger.”
Julius: “ーー~hk!”
Julius widened his eyes in astonishment, and Subaru ran after patting his shoulder. He held Beatrice in his arms, and Echidna hurried behind them as well.
For a moment Julius was stumped but shook his head, and caught up to his back quickly.
Subaru: “Earlier I told you that I failed to dive into the『Book of the Dead』, right. I couldn’t see Reid’s memories. Instead of that, I came across another chap over there…… I encountered the Sin Archbishop of『Gluttony』.”
Julius: “ーーNo way. Why would『Gluttony』, be in the『Book of the Dead』?”
Hearing the name of the enemy he had a connection to, Julius’ expression froze. Echidna called out to his side profile saying “Julius”.
She alone was making an expression of feeling chagrined pertaining to the speed of her feet, as she raised a single finger,
Echidna: “According to what Natsuki-kun had said, the『Books of the Dead』are an apparatus of the cradle of Od Lagna……. the Hall of Memories in order to take custody of the memories of the dead, the paths of life walked. And, the Sin Archbishops of『Gluttony』eat the『Memories』and『Names』of others. In other words……”
Julius: “Their Authority, is making use of that end of Od Lagna’s power? ……No, you said that you met『Gluttony』in the book, right. If that’s so then Subaru, the reason behind your memory loss is.”
Subaru: “Yeah, it’s nothing like the tower’s trap or mechanism. Sheer FOE…… it was an accident caused by a random encounter is what it means. The same way of victimisation as you say.”
It was impossible to imagine having to encounter『Gluttony』when facing the『Book of the Dead』.
That too if Subaru and the others’ imagination last time had been correct, then the『Book of the Dead』possessing the possibility of encountering『Gluttony』was solely the book of Reid, who had been reconstructed in the tower.
How terrible a fortune would one need for that to happen, he also wanted to object to the deeds of the Subaru until yesterday. Such that he had started wanting to believe idle gossip like truly had a connection with the Sin Archbishops.
Julius: “For it to be the same as this, quite an awful preference I must say…… However, if there had been contact between you and『Gluttony』at the point of last night, then this charge of the Witch Beasts too?”
Beatrice: “It would mean that the enemy ended up getting the time of more than half a day for making preparations, I suppose. Had Subaru remembered, matters might’ve been…… Ah! Betty is not reproaching Subaru, in fact!”
Subaru: “I know. But, it’s a matter of course that you’d reproach me. It would’ve been better had the me until yesterday not made this blunder, it would’ve been better if the present me was smarter.”
Had that been the case, they would’ve surely been able to face the enemy in a further prepared state.
But saying that now was pointless. Contesting with all cards they possessed, that was vital.
What was needed was readiness, decisiveness and the intent to have faith inーー oneself aside, in comrades.
Subaru: “Just as what you judged, the horde of Witch Beasts is『Gluttony’s』doing. On top of that,『Gluttony』himself will march in and enter…… and will be aiming for Emilia-chan and the others.”
And before Subaru and the others reach, having been late at noticing, the isolated force of Emilia will be coerced into making strenuous efforts and letting Ram and the rest escape, calling the result of getting her『Name』eaten upon herself.
They must stop that from happening this time. ーーFor that purpose, he had taken shortcuts in several positions of the game.
Subaru: “If we don’t let Emilia-chan’s『Name』get robbed……”
ーーPerhaps, they might avoid Ram having to withdraw from the war front.
“ーーーー”
Last time, the reason why Ram was unable to undertake action was the result of Batenkaitos stealing Emilia’s『Name』, for she had been unable to catch Emilia’s lack of existence and the absence of memories.
Should that risk be done away with, it would be plausible to expect Ram’s existence as war potential. Should they hold onto Rem and take care of her, whom she had brought with herself, then there shouldn’t be any issues in that regard either.
And, if the tag team of Emilia and Ram could hold Batenkaitos down.
Subaru: “Julius! There’s a job you have to do as well! We’ll somehow manage things with『Gluttony』. The opponent you’ve been connected to as well. I very well get your feeling of wanting to send him flying, but……”
Julius: “But, what? In this place, an opponent which should be prioritised above『Gluttony』can’t……”
Subaru: “ーーReid will come down. If he manages to interfere then everything will come down to nothing. There’s the role, to stop that.”
“ーーーー”
Receiving that elucidation, the repeated surprise yielded wrinkles on Julius’ middle forehead yet again.
However, rather than meagre astonishment this time it was composed more of perplexity, and doubt.
It was a matter of course.
The attack and raid by the large horde of Witch Beasts and the Sin Archbishop of『Gluttony』. Both of those could be disposed of as things he heard directly by『Gluttony』in the『Book of the Dead』.
However, matters shall differ should Reid’s existence get tangled with that. There was no point of contact between the existence of Reid and『Gluttony』. Because at the very least, the facility of the tower and the Sin Archbishops were unrelated.
Henceforth, seeking a logical basis for that explanation was not possibleーー,
Julius: “……If that is true, then let’s assume Reid Astrea shall arrive downstairs. In this state of affairs, the possibility of him acting whilst ignoring them.”
Subaru: “Can’t imagine that happening, right? Really? Does he seem to be the type of guy who would be influenced by the surrounding situation?”
Beatrice: “……Sorry but Betty can’t imagine that happening, in fact. That thing has the nature to prioritize what he wants to do, I suppose. No matter what the situation.”
Beatrice assented on the basis of an unpleasant confirmation whilst being carried in Subaru’s arms. Julius reached the conclusion hearing her and then looked at Echidna, as if asking for final thoughts.
Echidna shrugged her petite shoulders in response to his gaze.
Echidna: “I agree as well. Regardless, it is difficult to believe he would start walking around freely in the tower. Though it would be more accurate to say that I don’t want to believe that…… Natsuki-kun, that information too?”
Subaru: “ーー. That’s right. I heard from『Gluttony』.”
After hesitating for a moment, Subaru nodded and boldly lied responding to Echidna’s question.
As a matter of fact, the possibility of『Gluttony』playing a role in the sequence of events of Reid walking freely was slim. At the very least, Batenkaitos had been surprised by Reid’s presence, and looking at how they dealt with each other, he must not have summoned Reid as an ally either.
That’s why this had been entirely unable to convey the authenticity of the information Subaru had and was more like a safeguard.
“ーーーー”
Listening to Subaru’s answer, who was at a somewhat rough spot, Julius dove into his thoughts making a strained face.
However, even when they were troubled with thoughts, time continued to flow moment by moment. Especially presently, the situation of the tower was worsening, with the horde of Witch Beasts and Sin Archbishops.
Recognising that fact, Echidna called out saying “Julius”,
Echidna: “In the present situation, I am also hesitant about keeping distance from visible threats and turning towards potential hazards. But, Natsuki-kun’s words……”
Julius: “Should be trusted…… yes, I know, Echidna. To be honest, I find it regrettable to turn away from the Sin Archbishop of『Gluttony』, a bitter enemy of mine as well. However”
Subaru: “ーーReid Astrea, can only be left to you. Just as I told you earlier.”
Julius: “……If I don’t win, our calculations will fail, was it. Geez, such incorrigible killing words.”
Should their calculations fail, should the gears come disjointed, perhaps what would be yielded forth would be a tragedy lacking reason.
As if having caught a glimpse of that in Subaru’s earnest, black eyes, Julius let out a deep sigh.
Julius: “I promise you. I shall take the responsibility for Reid. ーーHowever, if things turn out that he cannot move from the second layer then I shall join you. Any objections?”
Subaru: “None. There can’t be anything better than you being free and Reid being immobile. I leave the timely judgement up to you, but it’s your duty to win against Reid as well, you know.”
Julius: “Very well, I understand. Echidna, Beatrice-sama, I shall leave the rest to you.”
Subaru: “Leave it to me……”
Subaru distorted his cheeks at the remark of the other two aside from himself being entrusted with it, whereas Julius smoothly caressed his bangs and gallantly turned their back towards them.
The cuffs of his white clothes getting disordered, Julius kicked the floor with his lengthy legs and headed for the staircase to the second layer.
Echidna: “ーーI will not press you much regarding how you got that affirmation.”
“ーーーー”
Echidna: “What is important, is that we trust you. I will appreciate it if you don’t betray mine or his feelings.”
Subaru: “I don’t know what you’re talking about, but you have my gratitude.”
Having seen off Julius’ back, Echidna addressed in a low tone. The true intent of those words identified the lack of connection between Reid and『Gluttony』.
Gulping down that unease, Echidna and Julius made the gesture of trusting Subaru’s discourse. He must respond to their trust, their expectations.
Subaru: “ーーUgh.”
Abruptly, just when his mind came upon such thoughts, a chilling sensation rose in the interior of Subaru’s chest.
Beatrice furrowed her eyebrows upon Subaru’s response, but Subaru narrowed his eyes and turned away from her reaction.
ーーHe had memories of this warmth.
It was the queer warmth he had tasted immediately prior to being swallowed by the shadow in the previous loop. His heart rate increasing, Subaru suffered the chilling warmth and closed his eyes.
What levitated at the back of his eyelids were balls of light shivering with fleetingness and transience.
One within his arms and one right next to him, and one in the direction Subaru was facingーー.
Subaru: “Let’s hurry! We all have to go by ourselves and join Emilia-chan and the others!”
Echidna: “That is all well and good, but will we be of any help? To say it clearly, the present you and Beatrice, and me on top of that, we are all non-combatants.”
Beatrice: “Betty can act as a bit of fighting force upon wanting to fight, in fact. Besides, Subaru must not be aiming to be a reinforcement either, I suppose.”
With Subaru having sprinted ahead, Beatrice and Echidna exchanged their views.
Echidna’s anxiety was undisputable, and Beatrice’s idea was correct.
Sadly enough, Subaru and the others could not act as reinforcement for Emilia in terms of war potential. Instead of themーー,
Ram: “ーーBarusu! So you have woken up!”
Subaru: “Ram!”
By the edge of the aisle, the same spectacle as beforeーー appeared the figure of Ram on Patrasche’s back, with Rem in her arms.
She jauntily jumped off Patrasche’s back and handed over the reins to Subaru,
Ram: “You took too long to wake up! Look after Rem! Protect her with the will to die, you won’t be excused if you hurt her or touch her in a weird manner. Ram willーー.”
Subaru: “Wait wait wait, in a lot of ways you’re too fast! I get what you’re talking about but calm down! You are……”
Ram: “The Sin Archbishop of『Gluttony』is here! Emilia-sama is fighting back, but she won’t fare well. Ram must return immediately, or it will be too late!”
“ーーーー”
That instant, the emotions recurring within Subaru’s chest twisted.
He was relieved pertaining to Ram, who hurriedly wanted to return to the battlefield and hearing Emilia’s name from her mouth, and rage sprouted for the abominable Batenkaitos’ existence being confirmed, his bitter enemy.
Keeping those aside, Subaru handed over the reins he had been given to Echidna.
Subaru: “Echidna! I’m counting on you to take Rem and Patrasche to a safe zone! The balcony or the second layer won’t do! You can’t get close to the Green Room right now either. Probably『Taygeta』should be the safest!”
Echidna: “Natsuki-kun, what about you!?”
Subaru: “Beatrice and I will go with Ram for the Sin Archbishop!”
Subaru glared into the pale cerulean eyes of Echidna, who had been startled by suddenly being handed over the reins. Whilst she inhaled faintly Subaru caressed Patrasche’s neck and jerked his chin seeing Rem, on its back,
Subaru: “Earlier, you had said. To not betray your trust. I’m counting on you for the same. Rem is in your hands. She is, an indispensable girl for『Natsuki Subaru』.”
Echidna: “ーーWhat a curious thing to say. Even though you yourself are supposed to be Natsuki Subaru.”
Subaru: “……I also trust you for understanding my feelings a bit, you know.”
He had heard that the existence of Echidna consisted of having borrowed the body of the young girl named Anastasia. That could also be said to be a position similar to the present Natsuki Subaru, who was overwriting the existence『Natsuki Subaru』with himself.
Receiving those words from Subaru, Echidna made a staggered expression,
Echidna: “Natsuki-kun, could it be that you areーー.”
Subaru: “ーーI’m counting on you.”
Not letting Echidna complete her words, Subaru sprinted, leaving her and the rest behind.
Ram had already been heading towards the front of the aisle. Leaving whilst catching a small glimpse of Rem’s sleeping face, atop Patrasche’s back, and stimulating her own courage.
Ram: “Why, did you come, Barusu. Rem is……”
Subaru: “Rem said, to do what needs to be done instead of looking after her! That was preached to me in the book!”
Ram: “ーー~hk! By Rem? What does that mean?”
Ram’s light crimson eyes gave way to unrest upon Subaru’s words, who was right next to her. It was just that they simply did not have enough time for him to cordially and courteously explain the events of the『Hall of Memories』.
That’s why Subaru conveyed only what was utmost important briefly.
Subaru: “Rem said to fight, and regain. That’s why, I’ll go with you too!”
Beatrice: “Of course, don’t forget that Betty is there too, in fact.”
Ram: “ーー. That is fine, for now. You’ll be cross-questioned about it a hundred times later.”
Subaru: “Isn’t hundred a bit too scary!?”
Subaru shivered, since he couldn’t even hear it to be a joke in Ram’s case. However, it was her compassion for letting Subaru bypass through that despite not explaining a single crucial thing.
And, the circumstance where that was required to be done, approached right in front of their eyesーー.
???: “ーーIce Brand Arts!”
The following moment, Emilia’s back was visible in the centre of the frozen aisle as she fluttered, dancing about with armaments of ice.
Confronting her was the Sin Archbishop of dirty appearance, Ley Batenkaitos.
Catching sight of that, Ram shouted.
Ram: “Emilia-sama!”
Subaru was convinced that they had made it in time considering that was Emilia’s name.
And at the same time, Emilia noticed them behind upon being called and responded with “Eh, Ram!?”.
Emilia: “Why did you come back!? And Subaru and Beatrice too, I’m glad you’re okay…… but! This is rea~lly dangerous right now! Stay back! Get away!”
Ram: “Rem has been evacuated to someplace safe. Now on, Ram shall also assist you in battle.”
Emilia: “But, Ram, you are……”
Ram: “To be taken away, even if you say that do you think Ram will allow being taken away?”
Whilst responding to Emilia, Ram reached to her legs and unsheathed the slender wand equipped there.
The wand was shorter than what normally magicians could be imagined to have. Though it seemed like an article with no peculiarities, it could also be felt that it exerted a sense of enigma and queer pressure.
And, seeing Ram’s form preparing to use it,『Gluttony』laughed at a distance away from Emilia,
Ley: “Haha~! What’s this what’s this, so you came back, nee-sama! Oh dear, how handsome! Why just why is nee-sama so cool? Truly, nee-sama is wonderful ~tsu!”
Ram: “ーーIrksome. You’re getting killed, Sin Archbishop.”
Ram fired her quiet intent to kill towards the Sin Archbishop clapping his hands and guffawing.
It was intense rage enough to send chills down Subaru’s spine, who had never been faced by it, as he glanced from the side. Despite receiving that direct eye contact, Batenkaitos’ composure did not flinch whatsoever,
Ley: “How nice, so nice, very nice, quite nice, as it’s nice, isn’t it nice, as it’s probably nice, as it’s perhaps nice, as we think it’s nice! Gluttonous drinking ~tsu! Gluttony ~tsu! We apologize for arbitrarily and overwhelmingly bringing an end to the connection. Though in actuality, it was supposed to be a much more touching reunion, you kno~w.”
Ram: “What are you……”
Ley: “Something like stealing the『Name』and『Memories』of a valuable person, feels like becoming the greatest enemy upon being thought of revenge, right? Yet, the people eaten by us, in most cases don’t remember about that is what it means. Even though we love, we understand nee-sama this much, nee-sama doesn’t know even the slightest bit of that feeling is what it means! That’s like, a wasteful way of usage like showering salt onto a salivatingly high-quality ingredient, isn’t it.”
Attentively and profoundly, the Sin Archbishop of『Gluttony』commenced explaining circumstances completely impossible to be referred to.
The truth was, the power『Gluttony』wielded of stealing the memories of others was an act equivalent to trampling upon life. Should family members, lovers, benefactors be attacked and hunted down by them, the worst possible phenomenon would be that they would be forgotten and disappear onto the other side of oblivion, and the hatred which was supposed to exist would also vanish.
In one way, that would function as safety against letting anyone take revenge on themselves.
Howeverーー,
Ley: “ーーIsn’t that we~ll, the greatest level of boring?”
However, none other than Batenkaitos, declared it to be boring.
“ーーーー”
Ley: “Like the rich hatred which was originally supposed to be attained, or the rumbling corrupted rage, such freshly aromatic and fetid emotions get thoroughly denied is what it means. That’s a great loss for us…… Until the onii-san over there, shows up.”
Subaru: “Me……?”
Ley: “Sa~y onii-san, for some reason even after we eat the『Name』you can still remember that person, right? We pretty much do get the reason behind that? The place onii-san was born into must have been a bit different from here, but what’s important is its result. Onii-san, is our saviour.”
Whilst saying so, Batenkaitos opened his arms wide and continued looking at Subaru with an intoxicated expression.
With a passionate and zealous gaze as if he was truly deeply in love with Subaru.
Ley: “No, let’s dare state it this way! Onii-san is our hero ~tsu! Innocent, hard working, uneasy unless someone is by his side, mean, makes our chest sting and hurt the more we think about it, on top of that, a hero who understands those feelings……!”
Subaru: “Stop with such eerie comments! With what intention are you……”
Ley: “Of course, these are emotions from the bottom of the heart. How ha~rsh, how patheti~c. Even though we are so gallantly, we are so wholeheartedly, thinking of onii-san, you know.”
Subaru could not comprehend how true a remark that was, composed of blended emotions. He couldn’t imagine it, neither did he want to.
However, taking Batenkaitos’ comments until now into account it naturally became clear.
The emotions of the existence captured by him, directed towards Subaru were beingーー no, deception was unnecessary.
The emotions of Rem, who had been captured by him, were beingーー,
Ley: “How about it eh! If it suits you then let’s repeat that touching passion once again! Let’s start from here, onii-san ~tsu! From square one, no…… from ze”
Emilia: “ーーHiyah!!”
Ley: “Woopsie!?”
At that instant, after having stalked up to Batenkaitos’ rear, Emilia slammed the large ice hammer she held in both of her hands into the back of the Sin Archbishop’s head mercilessly.
Batenkaitos spilled the words in a ridiculing tone as if in a manga or something and fell towards the front.
“ーーーー”
Subaru: “……Eh, we won?”
Emilia: “I did it!”
With Batenkaitos silent and inactive, Emilia made a triumphant pose with her fist clenched. Only after looking at the two did Subaru finally widen his eyes at that dreadfully abrupt quick conclusion.
Beatrice: “……The curtain fell way too quickly, in fact.”
Ram: “Indeed. Where should Ram take these feelings when she was just about to tear that thing to pieces. Emilia-sama!”
Emilia: “Eh, what? Was it wrong?”
Ram: “ーー. No, it was splendid. Yes, truly splendid.”
Beatrice, who was being hugged by Subaru, and Ram expressed their disappointment for the collapsed『Gluttony』.
Ram, who had the connection between her and the bitter enemy trampled by in an unexpected manner, seemed to have a complex state of mind pertaining to Emilia’s action.
However,
Subaru: “Well, there’s certainly a mountain of stuff I’d like to say but the words which come up the first are Emilia-chan, good job! With this, we should tie up『Gluttony』and……”
???: “ーーUnfortunately, it can’t be allowed to go that way, onii-san.”
“ーーーー”
Before Subaru, who was thinking that the second of the five obstacles had been digested in an unexpected fashion, Batenkaitos slowly and relaxedly stood up despite being supposed to have collapsed motionlessly.
Subaru widened his eyes in response to that unnatural movement, whilst Beatrice stiffened herself.
Of course, Emilia and Ram also had a hue of vigilance paint their eyesーー,
Ram: “Did he go crazy by getting hit in the head? Also considering his courting comments towards Barusu, if he can’t discern the situation then……”
???: “Ah, ah, all that is fine. We have also already conveyed our feelings, and neither do we intend to do something like hold back……”
Intercepting Ram’s views, Batenkaitos remained with his eyes cast downwards after standing up, hiding his face behind his long, dark brown hair, he muttered and whispered something.
As if overlapping with those whispers, a distorted and repulsive sound echoed through the aisle.
Emilia: “No way……”
Emilia blinked her amethyst eyes in response to the bizarre happening accompanying the repulsive echo.
What was being reflected in her beautiful eyes was Batenkaitos’ body changing from its very skeletal structure, giving rise to a distorted reportーー the flesh body of the petite youth changed into a muscly and brawny giant.
A nightmarish occurrence, but what was truly nightmarish for Subaru was waiting ahead.
???: “Yay, onii-san, were you surprised? This is『Solar Eclipse』…… well, kind of like one of our trump cards? Unlike earlier, this time we’ll make you ours through sheer force.”
Subaru: “You sure, are saying some pretty eerie stuff, transgender bastard. You are……”
Seized with nightmarish dread, Subaru asked whilst sweating cold.
Receiving that, the giant smiled sweetly and without hiding his eccentric ambience, bowed.
Louis: “ーーWitch Cult Sin Archbishop representing『Gluttony』, Louis Arneb.”
“ーーーー”
Louis: “Can’t stay for much long. By snitching and eating, we must clean up everything, everything while onii-chan is asleep, you see.”


Chapter 68
Witnessing the figure of the man before his eyes ridiculously claim himself to be Louis Arneb, Subaru was at a loss for words.
The man’s way of appearing was unforeseen and unnatural, but what was further unexpected was the name he had given for himself.
It was difficult to conceive it as a mere prank, and even when considered as a phenomenon it yet remained gruelling to acceptーー.
Ram: “ーーThey did say something about a form changing Sin Archbishop, it seems that was regarding this. However, the choice of the form taken is rather questionable, did you think you would receive any mercy if you chose this appearance?”
Louis: “Form changing, huh…… A~h, you mean that prattling loudmouth woman? Grouping us with that thing hurts even us. Besides, the principle of that thing and our『Solar Eclipse』is totally different. That is being a copycat, while this is reconstruction.”
Ram: “Copycat, reconstruction……?”
Using that interim mighty body, Louis replied. As he frowned at that answer, hearing Ram mention “another Sin Archbishop” left a bad taste in Subaru’s mouth.
Though it was only to be expected that there would be Sins and Sin Archbishops other than『Gluttony』existing, knowing even one of them stemmed into an immediate dislike for all of them.
Though they were supposed to be form changing, it was intriguing why they had not used that ability till now.
Louis: “That being said, this body, being treated as an unknown person, was actually quite a famous person, you know? Though sadly, nee-sama and the others wouldn’t have any memory of the people eaten by us.”
Ram: “Famous person…… in other words, borrowing the form of an eaten person? Is that so, truly the worst kind of thing to do, totally fits you people who have committed themselves to doing evil. Nauseating.”
Louis: “Wa~h oh, nee-sama geez, your words are so dirty they hurt, you know? If you say that then we, who still have the memories as your younger sister, will feel ashamed……”
And, that was as far as the interim Louis’ conversation went.
The interim Louis flexibly leaned forward, and the blow that came from behindーー he dodged the strike by the hammer of ice. Of course, the attacker wasーー,
Emilia: “Ah, yah!”
Louis: “Huhuhu ~tsu, how merciless, Emilia-sama! Onii-chan may have allowed you to let him get a taste of it, but we won’t allow such an ambush to hit us, you know?”
Emilia: “If it won’t hit then I will just keep attacking till it hits! I don’t even want to ambush you, I just want to strike you down!”
Proclaiming so, Emilia changed the hammer of ice she held in her hands into twin swords of ice and attacked the interim Louis. However, the interim Louis dodged her attack with an extraordinary jump above, and aimed for Emilia’s slender hands from a higher angle,
Louis: “Here ~tsu!”
Emilia: “Kya~!”
Her body sharply rotated, Emilia’s frame was thrown off balance. Emilia twisted her body and used her arms in order to prevent herself from falling on her back. However, the interim Louis aimed straight for her face with his toe.
Should it be too late then Emilia’s face, which was the cutest in the world, would get squashed. ーーAt that point,
Ram: “Stop ignoring Ram and fighting all by yourself already.”
Emilia: “Ram!”
Ram, confirming the movement of the opponent who was aiming for Emilia’s face, pointed the wand that she held in her hands towards the face of the interim Louis.
At that moment, an extremely small wind was born, and transforming into a blade, was launched to slice up the opponent’s face.
Louis: “ーーPalm of the Fist King!”
Nullifying Ram’s powerful attack with minimal strength using his palm, the interim Louis avoided the damage and then pounced downwards.
His perforating palm received the blade of wind from below, swallowing the wind in its shockwaves and scattering it away subsequently.
Crushing the wind from his right hand, the interim Louis then tried to grip onto Ram with his free left hand. However, by the time his hand reached Ram had already taken Emilia away with herself out of the opponent’s reach, diving into a downward position outside the battle.
Louis: “You’re do~ing it!”
Ram: “Hah ~hk!”
Clenching her swinging free left hand, the interim Louis applauded Ram’s judgement and strength of action. Shaking his praise away with a ridiculing exhale, Ram then pulled Emilia’s hand towards herself.
Ram: “Emilia-sama, are you unhurt?”
Emilia: “Y-Yes, thank you. It would have been rea~lly painful for me if it wasn’t for Ram saving me. Even so…… did you see that just now?”
Ram: “ーーIt seems, he has clearly gotten stronger.”
Ram nodded, gesturing her knowledge upon Emilia’s response.
And, witnessing the short dialogue between the two, Subaru also held the same opinion as them.
ーーAlthough it was only a short exchange of moves, the interim Louis’ manoeuvres were swift and accurate.
Though it was the opinion of someone inexperienced, these abilities probably exceeded those of Batenkaitos. At the end of that exchange Ram’s attack had been completely crushed, as if reality was messing around with them.
Louis: “The one right now was Palm of the Fist King…… Named by the one who possessed this body and memory,『Fist King』Neiji Rockhardt. Possessing the strongest palm, capable of blasting away anything, a powerful person with no enemies on the Gladiator Island.”
Ram: “……It seems that you are not familiar with revealing your strengths. In the end, you are just trying to show that you are at the disadvantage. Ram will not be fooled and hesitate because of this.”
Louis: “We would not mind that at all, nee-sama! To the point that if you can corner us then we want you to corner us! See, don’t you look back onto the sweet memory of defeat later on?”
Ram: “Who knows. Ram only knows of victory so she doesn’t understand that.”
Louis: “Is that so? That’s just the waste of not knowing the sourness of life.”
The moment he said that, the interim Louis’ figure was scratched out of visibility. It would seemingly be more accurate to say that he literally disappeared rather than just moving swiftly.
Ram: “ーー!?”
Ram widened her eyes at the enemy’s unexpected move. Even she had been unable to grasp the opponent’s position.
There was no way for her to escapeーー,
Emilia: “ーーRam, watch out!”
Saying that, this time it was Emilia who grasped Ram and leapt backwards. Several of Emilia’s beautiful silver hair were too late to escape that attack, as they were caught up in the impact and got slashed off, scattering around in the aisle.
And, the one visible was not a fast warrior, but instead a bald man, as he laughed saying “Haha ~tsu!”.
With a somewhat jumpy appearance and wearing an orange gown, the man smacked his lips at the form of the fleeing Emilia.
Louis: “How nice, so nice, isn’t it nice. Can you dodge the next one?”
Emilia: “Kyaーー”
At that moment, the form of the famous person disappeared into thin air and that of a different one appeared. This seemed as if it was a payback for the earlier surprise ambush.
From one blind spot to another, a flashing dagger made accurate attacks energetically. Emilia, whilst holding Ram, continued to defend the attacks off as she got completely dominated.
Louis: “Hahaha! You’re doing it, doing it, doing it! How did you see through these secret manoeuvres of『Leaper』Dorkell? It’s truly a mystery!”
Emilia: “That’s obvious! I guessed it!”
Ram: “Of course, that is not all to it, there is also Ram’s support. ーーEmilia-sama!”
Emilia: “Y-Yeah.”
Flying into a blind spot, the interim Louis launched an attack.
Although the opponent was someone capable of flying around freely, all whilst maintaining that vicious smile, Ram was able to see where he would appear next. On Ram’s call, Emilia swung her long legs rapidly.
With that, when the bald man appeared next, Emilia’s heel struck his side.
Louis: “Ghu…… ~tsu.”
Emilia: “Hiya~h–!!”
Emilia thrusted her heel into his face, and struck the opponent down. At that moment, Emilia grabbed one of the pillars of ice erecting from the ground in her hands and launched its sharp, pointed tip towards her fallen opponent.
If the blow were to not be defended away, the strike would penetrate right through his chest and it would make for a truly unpleasant finish. However, unfortunately enough, it was not effective whatsoever.
Emilia: “Eh!?”
Louis: “『Carnivorous Beast』Beli Heinelga’s skin cannot be pierced, not even by a Holy Sword, is what they used to say.”
Shattering the pillar of ice with his bare back, was a middle aged man with an enormous beard, smiling ferociously.
Lying down, he aimed for Emilia’s waist with his arm, which was seemingly as tough as a logーー and somehow defending away that attack, Emilia made haste and flew, flew, flew backwards.
Emilia: “Uh! Ah! Uh! Hey, at this pace……!”
Ram: “Emilia-sama, please let go of Ram.”
Emilia: “No! As if I will abandon Ram……ghk.”
Ram: “That is not the case.”
Emilia escaped from the enemy with Ram in her grip, and Ram sealed her lips by gently placing a finger onto them. Ram shook her head looking at Emilia, whose words she had interrupted,
Ram: “It’s about time you let Ram also attack is what it means.”
The moment she said that, she swept away Emilia’s gripped arms, and stood firm directly against the giant. Seeing that, the interim Louis smacked his rock-hard lips, and launched his palm towards the young girl.
Louis: “Huhu ~tsu! Get crushed!”
Ram: “Assuming that is even possible, politely say please be crushed, Ram-sama.”
With that comeback, Ram charged straight towards the approaching palm. If the situation was to be slightly exaggerated, then it could be said that the palm was enormous enough to crush Ram’s entire body.
Recklessly clashing with the palm up front would be the same as clashing with the front of an approaching carーー at the very least, that appeared to be so in Subaru’s eyes.
In response to that, Ram,
“ーーーー”
Ram: “At this level, you shouldn’t even think you can catch Ram.”
At the moment those fingers were about to reach her, Ram, with her lips relaxed, dodged the attack with minimal movement and launched her elbow onto her opponent’s face.
That fair elbow, with its sharpness resulting from its fragility, came in contact with the opponent’s nose, mercilessly sending shocks through the body of the『Carnivorous Beast』. And, at that moment, Ram’s left hand was visibly coming down to grab his throat.
Louis: “ーー~tsu.”
Ram: “You have continued to blabber nonsense for quite some time, it is getting irritating now. Embrace your misfortune, and choke to death at the hands of Ram here, you despicable thing of a person.”
The interim Louis faced problems, as he tried to pursue the crucial points of the body whilst lacking proper training for doing so. Using that to her advantage, Ram resumed her offensive and this time, pointed the tip of her elegant wand towards him.
And, as its tip became the centre of a beautiful gathering of energy, it subsequently released wind magic, pushing the giant slightly behind.
Subaru: “Strong……!”
Subaru intently stared at the sight of the interim Louis splattering blood onto the aisle whilst skilfully rolling.
Till now, he had concentrated on observing the fight so much that he had forgotten to breathe, but the moment Ram stood upon the battlefield, the flow of the fight faced slight alteration.
Of course, though all of it was based on the fact that Ram could not drag on battling for too long,
Subaru: “Ram fighting this much is a miscalculation I’m happy for……”
Beatrice: “That, is not the case, in fact. You cannot rely on just Ram, I suppose.”
Subaru: “ーー? What does that……”
Mean, was what Subaru intended to ask Beatrice, who was in his arms whilst tilting his head. And, before Beatrice could respond to his query the answer itself appeared before him.
“ーーーー”
Ram’s posture, as she tried to step ahead, broke down. Subaru observed whether she had accidentally slipped, but that was not the case.
Ram’s forehead and neck were flooded with sweat and it was visible that every continuing breath was hurting her.
At that moment, he wondered how much of defence and prolongation of the battle he could actually speak of, taking the unforeseen spectacle before him into account.
Beatrice: “If it is for a short period of time, then Ram’s fighting sense can follow, I suppose. However……”
Subaru: “She has a time limit like that……!? Oh no, Ramーー”
Unaware of such a weakness of hers, he had sent Ram into that dangerous situation. Along with Subaru’s panicking voice, the interim Louis changed into the form of the muscle-rich huge man once again at the same time.
Aiming for the stationary Ram, the enemy moved forward briskly with his palm pointed outwards seeking to make a successful onslaught. If she were to receive a direct hit, it was unknown how much of it Ram would actually be able to take.
Subaru: “Ramーー!”
Louis: “Shut your mumbling, you are so damn loud for a man.”
Subaru called out desperately, but Ram showed no signs of response.
At that moment, the interim Louis’ blow captured Ram’s face directlyーー,
Emilia: “I know Ram the most, almost as much as I know my own weaknesses. That’s whyーー”
Emilia: “I am fighting alongside Ram!”
Louis: “ーー~tsu!?”
Jumping over Ram’s head, with her silver hair fluttering Emilia positioned her knees elegantly. Against the opponent who had his palm pointing towards the front, the tactics Emilia had chosen were very simple.
The move she had chosen was to have an innumerable amount of weapons of ice float in the air, and fire them all towards her opponent at once.
Emilia: “Hi, yaaaaaーー!!”
The interim Louis launched off his body, as he had positioned his empty palm, against the rain of ice.
The interim Louis avoided, dodged, defended away, destroyed, and crossed through the range of the overwhelming storm of ice flawlessly, with nothing managing to even scratch him. That ability was again, that of an expert who had achieved heights in proficiency.
The truth was, the『Fist King』who had been victimised by『Gluttony』was perhaps a true warrior, who had trained with extreme perseverance to gain such prowess. ーーThat power was now being exploited like this.
The power he had trained to achieve and the fame he had received for being such a great warrior,『Gluttony』had stolen everything away from him and continued to mock and ridicule his journey of life.
In fact, it was possible that they had achieved new heights in skill, heights which had not been achieved by this memory originally.
Louis: “Ha~!”
He could not help but despair seeing the form of『Gluttony』, who had defended away all of Emilia’s attacks and blows with ease and was now sighing an exhale of achievement.
Louis: “How nice, this is the best! How do we put it, sort of like, we had completely reconstructed the catalogue specs of this memory but only after we exceeded even that, we felt as if living in this body would be worth it ~tsu! Sort of feels like we made better use of the borrowed soul than its original owner? We’re glad we were able to live it ~tsu!”
Ram: “ーーFor someone who is into such evil deeds, you are quite thoughtful of such things, aren’t you.”
Louis: “Perhaps so! But you see, for us, who are different from normal people, don’t you think it is only natural that what we find happiness in would be different too? Don’t you think so. Perhaps you think so. Possibly you think so ~tsu?”
Ram: “Who knows? Isn’t that so, Emilia-sama?”
Emilia: “No, you’re wrong!”
In response to the words of Ram, who shrugged her shoulders, Emilia responded to the interim vicious-looking manーー no, Louis Arneb, whilst letting go the chunks of ice she held in his palm.
Doing that and upon receiving that question, Emilia then upheld the spears and axes of ice that got erected from the floor,
Emilia: “No matter how different you may be from people, you can still be happy and sad by thinking of the same things! I, for example, was always alone but I enjoyed stacking rocks on river beaches.”
Ram: “……That, as well, feels unique in its own way though.”
Louis: “We see. Indeed indeed, we also have memories of stacking rocks on river beaches, but that’s.”
Emilia: “See!”
Louis: “But, we didn’t do it because it was fun. It’s just that there was nothing else to do. There was just no other thing to kill our time with.”
Emilia: “Eh, is that so……?”
Surprised, Emilia made a confused expression, seeing the happiness of her memories get rejected down. And, behind Emilia, who had that reaction, Ram called out “Emilia-sama” with more strength than normal.
Ram: “Please do not get swayed by the enemy. The opponent is a Sin Archbishop…… if they want to demolish our plans, they will use whatever words necessary. Don’t get deceived.”
Emilia: “Is that so? That is so. Yes, I know. I won’t be deceived anymore.”
Louis: “What can we say, we~ll, that was a truly hurtful thing to say. Even though our one and only nee-sama would leave us behind, so we had no choice but to be doing that.”
Ram: “ーーShut up!”
Once again, Ram kicked the frozen floor and launched her body towards Louis, who had repeatedly voiced words which had pierced straight through her heart.
Her body’s condition was not at its best. Well aware of that, Ram charged straight towards the enemy because she knew that she must get her own hands dirty in order to clean up this mess.
Ram’s intimidating roar piercingly struck Louis.
Howeverーー,
Emilia: “This time I’m with her, so if you want to surrender yourself, this is your chance!”
Louis: “Gratitude for such graciousness, but there’s no need for it!”
Ram: “Enough of your stubbornness!!”
Making a cute expression but using brutal attacks which were not cute in the least, was Emilia. The duo of the enraged Ram and Emilia went in together, however, Louis repulsively kept switching his form and battle style with absolute freedom, controlling the battle’s pace as per his own will.
“ーーーー”
In this overwhelming duel, there were two things that would surprise the observer.
First, was the flawless, breath-to-breath coordination between Emilia and Ram.
In the previous loop, Emilia’s『Name』had been stolen away, due to which her existence was forgotten and her battle style became unknown to all, thus there was discrepancy between her and Julius, who was unaware of her style of fighting, however, there was not the slightest of that discrepancy in Emilia and Ram’s case, not even the slightest of lag.
Of course, though it does not mean that the adjustments Emilia made were meaningless, what was of utmost relevance here was Ram’s wonderful sense of combat.
Ram: “Haーー ~hk!”
Louis: “Tch~! Truly, what a nuisance you are, nee-sama!”
Just when he was about to counterattack, her wand was pointed towards his nose and narrowly dodging the subsequent piercing blades of wind, Louis pulled out his tongue.
Although what Ram did was not something too substantial, Emilia used such gaps to their advantage by further putting pressure on Louis and halting him from counterattacking.
Although her moves weren’t too showy, it granted her a convenient position to launch attacks without holding back.
The breathtaking cooperation between the duo of Emilia and Ram was all thanks to Ram’s judgement. That was one of the things which surprised Subaru the most.
And, there was something else which was equally surprising. That wasーー,
Louis: “Haha~! How nice, so nice, very nice, perhaps it is nice, surely it is nice, isn’t it nice, maybe it is nice, probably it is nice, as it is probably nice! Gluttonous drinking ~tsu! Gluttony ~tsu! Our mood and feelings are also perhaps gradually pumping up ~tsu!”
Emilia: “Kh ~hk! He’s right, his strength is gradually increasing……!”
Ram: “Irritating……!”
Chewing on her own teeth, Emilia launched the twin sword she held in her fist whilst Ram darted a blade of wind aiming for the opponent’s feet. However, Louis, becoming the『Fist King』, crushed Emilia’s twin sword with his palm, becoming the『Leaper』, dodged Ram’s attack, and becoming the『Carnivorous Beast』, rolled his body through the passage of ice.
The shockwave he released impacted Emilia and Ram, pushing them backwards as they let out a screech.
“ーーーー”
The coordination between Emilia and Ram was undoubtedly highly refined. However, as surprising as it seemed, Louis’ prowess in using and switching memories was even faster.
Possibly, by changing forms Louis was able to perfectly reconstruct those『Memories』, with no limitation whatsoever.
ーー『Solar Eclipse』, that is indeed what Louis had said.
Batenkaitos, before he had lost his bodyーー Louis’ elder brother too, in the previous loop had copied Emilia’s awesome technique called Ice Brand Arts, but its reconstruction was limited to him maintaining his own form. Louis had exceeded that.
Solar eclipse was a phenomenon in which the sun got hidden behind the moon’s shadow, consequently becoming invisible, that was perhaps Louis’ true body being treated as the sun, which got shadowed by the moon, the reconstructed『Names』and『Memories』.
In other words,『Solar Eclipse』could safely be assumed to be an ability to change into the form of that respective eaten『Memories』. ーーConsequent was the Louis before them, using that ability’s advantage.
Andーー,
Subaru: “If there’s『Solar Eclipse』then it’s natural to think that there would be『Lunar Eclipse』existing too, but what kind of power would come by the hiding of the moon…… no, can I even figure it out beforehand?”
What happened oftentimes in such patterns of copying abilities was that the user’s inexperience and lack of proper knowledge to use those abilities resulted in a discrepancy, becoming a cause of defeat.
However, the copying abilities of『Gluttony』, which obviously would include Louis as well, overcome that weakness perfectly by using『The Victim’s Body and Memories』.
It was clear that this was a flawless, perfect copying ability.
Subaru: “This is bad…… if Emilia-chan and the rest get overpowered, the situation will change.”
Tightly grabbing his own chest, Subaru gnashed his teeth at the sense of helplessness which was visible straight in his eyes.
Starting with Emilia and Ram who had engaged in battle against 『Gluttony』, his other comrades had already commenced their own battles at various places in the tower.
Echidna, who had evacuated Rem and Patrasche to『Taygeta』while Meili went to attend to the large hordes of Witch Beasts surrounding the tower. And, considering Julius’ battle was still continuing, the violence had spread to two layers in the tower.
Subaru: “ーーJulius, must be struggling a lot too. On second thought, should the opponent here be Reid after all?”
Beatrice: “ーーSubaru? Just what are you saying? Where are you looking, at what?”
Subaru: “Where are you looking, and what are you saying, huh, Beatrice. That’s……”
Beatrice, within his arms, heard his muttering and looked up, blinking once. Subaru tried to respond to her and clear up her confusion.
Unquestionably, right now, he would be unable to firmly state what he was saying or looking at.
Butーー,
Subaru: “What’s, this? I can sense what everyone is doing and where they are. I can see it?”
Grabbing his chest in a crushing grip, Subaru slowly realisedーー the existence of that incongruous feeling, those blurry, faint dots of light.
They enlightened Subaru regarding the actions of his comrades in the tower. He could also sense Ram and the others, and at that moment Subaru accepted this as if it was something natural, like a third arm by birth.
However, this was nothing like being naturally born with a third arm.
The moment he noticed that, Subaru realised what an unnatural situation he was in and a sense of rejection and unacceptability rose within his own heart for his own thoughts.
Subaru: “ーーGhu.”
However, grinding his molars, he swallowed the thought back in so that he didn’t spit it out.
Right now, if his third arm had developed out of nowhere, then he should rightfully accept it and reject his feelings of rejection for it.
He was able to get a rough grasp on where everyone was, in what situation everyone was in. ーーIn a situation whereby all his comrades had to split up, could there be any power more suitable than this for such a situation.
That’s whyーー,
Subaru: “Momentarily, silently, belong to meーー”
The form of this unnatural power appeared before Natsuki Subaru’s soul, when he did this.
The nature of it reminded him of the『Hall of Memories』, where he had first faced Louis Arneb and the strength that had bloomed within him before he left that place.
He had given it a name as well. Yes, that name wasーー,
Subaru: “ーーCor Leonis.”
The moment he called that name, the presence and control of that power flooded over Natsuki Subaru’s soul.
And, the power, which bore itself with『Lion’s Heart』, rightfully gave the abilityーー no, the authority over itself to Natsuki Subaru. The fruit it bore being,
Subaru: “Nuu, gh…… ~hk!?”
Beatrice: “Subaru!”
Suddenly, Subaru’s feet experienced a crushing weight coming from his body. The moment she noticed that Beatrice shouted in panic, but he was unable to respond due to his headache.
A sudden headache to the point that was almost seemingly hazardous, strained Subaru’s body. What was even worse was the awful fatigue his body was suffering with, accompanying a tear jerking pain in his bonesーー the combination of pain and exhaustion crushed his entire body, making Subaru kneel down instantly.
Subaru: “Gh, a~h……”
A voice echoed within his mind, questioning what this was.
The overwhelming strain on his body, a combination of pain and fatigue, his body felt heavy, as if poisoned, and he was panting like he was continuing to run after his stamina had exhausted itself.
Rubbing his back, Beatrice screamed in panic at this sudden development. As he felt somewhat eased by the touch of her palm, Subaru turned his eyes towards the situation.
At that moment, Subaru was trying to properly exercise his newly gained Authority,『Cor Leonis』.
ーーNo, it felt as if he were merely continuing to exercise it.
His very condition right now as well, was the result of the usage of『Cor Leonis』. If that was so, then just what meaning did that ability hold?
Subaru’s body felt heavy, stamina was exhausted, and till now he had done nothing that wouldーー.
Yes, Subaru himself could not do anything.
Instead of himーー,
Louis: “ーーAh?”
Out of nowhere, a dry voice echoed, as Louis continued to look while his attack slashed through the sky.
Louis, who had taken the form of the『Fist King』, was showing off his violent combat techniques, overpowering Emilia and Ram and just when he raised the fingers of his detestable body.
Louis’ arms were grabbed, and his joints got stabbed. And,
Ram: “Ha~ ~hk!”
Without any hesitation or mercy, Ram kneed his joints, breaking Louis’ right arm. A repulsive sound echoed and the white bones within got broken and became visible, as the fibres of his light pink muscles hung down, and the colour of blood spread through the frozen white passage, a sight painful to even look at.
Louis: “Igh, ya…… ghkhe ~hk!”
Ram: “Too slow!”
Ram’s iron-hard elbow rotated, smashing right into the opponent’s face. With the same pace, Ram clutched the enemy’s hair at the back of his head and smashed him into the wall which Louis somehow stopped, whilst Ram continuing to stab his torso with her right fist.
When Louis’ body, just after the sounds of his ribs cracking echoed, tried to get back onto her, Ram delivered her own kick with an unaccepting expression as the giant’s body rolled at the floor at a fast pace, splattering blood around.
Ram: “……Ram’s body feels lighter?”
Clenching her fists, Ram widened her eyes at the unexpected surprise of her body.
Emilia, who had witnessed the sight of her strength, also commented “Amazing……” at the power she got newly acquainted with.
Beatrice had been concerned about Ram’s fatigue, so her actions right now were completely expected. ーーAnd that was as far as Subaru’s thinking went, before he realised.
Subaru: “This, can’t be…… could it be, that I took Ram’s fatigue?”
Comparing the improvement in Ram’s physical condition and the worsening of Subaru’s, that indeed seemed to be the case.
The truth is, the lights Subaru was able to senseーー there were two in front of him which seemed to stand for Emilia and Ram, and he could sense something flow into himself from there.
If his assumption was right and it indeed projected his comrades, who were all facing challenges, then that was.
Subaru: “ーー『Cor Leonis』means,『Lion’s Heart』.”
The answer to that, lay in Subaru’s knowledge of the stars.
“ーーーー”
The Authority of『Greed』, which Subaru had unintentionally named『Cor Leonis』.
That is in fact a Latin word which meant『Lion’s Heart』, referring to the star named Regulus, the brightest of the Leo constellation. However, Regulus also meant something else aside from Cor Leonis in Latin, which was『Little King』.
ーー『Lion’s Heart』and『Little King』.
As lions themselves were called the king of all beasts, the alias of『King』was well fitting, it was understandable. But, what did the『Little』 affixed to it mean?
A little, lion king. ーーThe king of, a pride.
What exactly made one deserving the title of king? That wasーー
Subaru: “ーーOne who stands by everyone’s wishes, that is who a king is. That’s why.”
Natsuki Subaru’s ability of『Cor Leonis』shall lighten the burden on the back of his comrades.
So that his comrades can fight without restraints, he shall take all damage for them.
If that was the case, then it was decided what Natsuki Subaru was supposed to do.
Subaru: “If I’m spitting blood, then that means the preparations are all okay.”
Beatrice: “Subaru?”
Subaru: “My ba~d, I made you worry. My head just hurts a bit, my legs feel strained, my joints ache like all hell, my hands and feet feel like they’ve been victim to some ambush attack, but I’m alright.”
Beatrice: “Ambush attacked!? When, where, I suppose!?”
Subaru: “Probably, when I wasn’t looking at the fight.”
He was unable to clearly explain to Beatrice, whose eyes were filled with concern.
However, the source for the pain in his hands and legs was him hiding the wounds taken by Emilia or Ram, and just like what the worst case scenario would be, both of them had suffered this at the hands of Louis and Batenkaitos.
And, Subaru didn’t mutter a single word about the weight of injuries on his back. For some reason a person like that seemed cool, that’s why.
Subaru: “Just like this……”
If Ram was able to keep these abilities up and keep up with Louis they might manage to actually overcome『Gluttony』, unlike how they had failed last time.
Win against Louis, and hurry to catch up to Julius, who was fighting Reid, or in worst case scenario, face the titanic scorpion and the shadowーー.
Subaru: “ーー?”
Thinking that far, Subaru looked at the existence of the lights within his chest yet again.
One was Julius, who was battling above the layer Subaru and the others were on, and Meili, who was confronting the hordes of Witch Beasts from the balcony. Echidna and the others seemed to have safely evacuated to『Taygeta』, these were the ones whose positions could very well be felt by Subaru.
Howeverーー,
Subaru: “ーーThis, who’s that?”
At a point distanced away from them all, Subaru could feel the existence of the light coming from the same layer as he was in, in the direction opposite to him.
That was the direction the dignified Reid had first appeared from in the previous loop. Wishing for it to not be Reid, Subaru confirmed the presence of certain confidence within him as he looked on with somewhat of hesitation.
Andーー,
Subaru: “Beatrice!”
Beatrice: “ーー~hk! Minya!!”
As he shouted from the back of the aisle, Beatrice instantly came to notice the mishap and widened her palm. At that very moment, shining purple crystals were born as the consequence of her chant.
Floating in the air with terrifyingly sharp tips, they were fired like bullets from a gun the subsequent instant. They flew overhead Emilia, Ram and Louis, who were fighting in the aisle, towards further beyond.
And, from there, it collided with an attack which was aiming right for Emilia’s back.
“ーーーー”
As an excruciating sound of shattering glass echoed, a blinding light broke through and exposed the white corridor to itself. Amidst the sparkles of the shattered ice and crystals, a blinking red light was visible in between darkness.
As soon as he laid his eyes on it, the pain in Subaru’s heart multiplied several times. Once again, the threat repeated itself, further worsening the situation.
However, at this point, the pain in his heart was not because of seeing that dot of red light.
The red dot of light and the faint light Subaru could sense within his chestーー which showed him the position of his comrades, they overlapped.
That could mean, only one thing.
Subaru: “What does, this mean. You……”
“ーーーー”
Swinging its tail which wielded a long and sharp needle, the black shadow, clad in armour-like black shell over its bodyーー was the form of the titanic scorpion.
However, at this moment, the scorpion’s appearance held a totally different meaning for Subaru.
For the existence which had revealed itself there wasーー,
Subaru: “ーーIs it you, Shaula!!”
Facing a reality he did not want to face, accepting a truth he did not want to accept, Subaru called out in a voice mixed with rage and despair.
Hearing that voice, the scorpion, lacking a mouth to respond with words, lifted up its enormous pincers and clanked them, as if affirming his words.
A clank echoed.


Chapter 69
ーーWhen he had first heard of Shaula’s name, it’s not as if he had thought nothing of it.
It was not because he possessed some emotional attachment to the name『Shaula』.
It was because Subaru had memories of that word.
『Shaula』was the name of a star which glowed in the sky Subaru was acquainted withーー the single term which bestowed meaning to the Scorpius.
To think the true identity of the one who took upon the name of the Scorpius was the scorpion clad in a jet black shell, that answer was something truly straightforward and simple. So straightforward, that one would actually grow suspicious of the one who chose that name.
However, at present, the first candidate for that lack of sense was the one she referred to as “Master”, Natsuki Subaru.
The problem here was how unlikely it was that Subaru got the chance to bestow her with that name regardless of the presence or absence of his memories and how they had no leeway to confirm that right now.
“ーーーー”
Before his eyes, the tag team of Emilia and Ram continued their fierce battle with the Sin Archbishop of『Gluttony』, Louis Arneb. Interposing in the space of that battlefield, in the interior of the aisle the jet black titanic scorpion let out a fiendish sound by clanking its huge pincers and stared towards them with deep red compound eyes.
The ominous huge pincers had evolved for the purpose of slaughter, wielding such sharpness that gave rise to the conjecture that they possessed enough strength to easily cut apart bones or internal organs of the human body with a single clank of its edges.
Red compound eyes, two ominous huge pincers, multiple legs supporting its large frame, a shell boasting the strength as that of an iron armour, all of them were symbols of refinement for the purpose of destruction and violence.
The truth was its fighting strength did not contradict the sense of ferocity its outer appearance gave.
Time and time again, Subaru had confirmed that with his very eyes through the conflict till now, through the world he had seen till now, rather, he had experienced it’s true feeling with his own body.
Subaru: “Y……”
The moment that realisation spouted within him, certain happenings of a previous loop appeared before Subaru.
Driving away the brutal attack of the titanic scorpion, the moment they thought they had somehow managed to temporarily withdraw Subaru and the others had bathed in the explosion caused by the parting gift of that evil beast, resulting in Beatrice and Echidna, the two of them being deprived of their lives.
The intolerable rage he felt back then was something he was incapable of forgetting.
The wrath he embraced directed resentment towards the powerlessness of his own self, and at the same time he also had that rage pinning down the titanic scorpion who had been behind that slaughter.
ーーThe subject of that wrath, the titanic scorpion, its true identity had been of one who was supposed to be his comrade, Shaula.
Now that he knew that, what occupied Subaru’s mind was merely violent emotion with no place to belong accompanied with suspicion.
Why, had Shaula taken the form of the titanic scorpion.
Why, was Shaula attacking Subaru and the others, and trying to kill them.
Why, did Shaula reveal her true nature at this stage of the game, and was interrupting in between the battle.
Why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, whyーー.
Beatrice: “ーーSubaru, calm down, in fact. First, take deep breaths, I suppose.”
“ーーーー”
Subaru was tormented by such thoughts after greeting such shocking truths. Softly calling Subaru’s name who was in that state and restoring him back to sanity was Beatrice, standing next to him.
With his hand grasped by her tiny palm, Subaru noticed for the first time, that he had forgotten to even breathe. Abiding by the command Subaru slowly inhaled deeply, then exhaled.
And,
Beatrice: “Keep it up, in fact. ーーIs it true, that that thing is Shaula?”
At Beatrice’s question, once again, Subaru affirmed to himself.
『Cor Leonis』ーー though the Authority, a characteristic unique to him, had just blossomed within him and he had only recently managed to get a grasp on it, it conveyed the whereabouts of his comrades to Subaru and took over the inferiorities in the physical form of allies, that alone was unquestionable.
Henceforth, Subaru could vaguely catch onto the locations of all his comrades within the tower, Emilia, Ram, Beatrice, Julius, Meili and Echidna.
And that faint, warm sensation he could feel from those comrades of his, he could feel the same from the titanic scorpion.
If the relative positions of all his comrades within the towers were to be considered, no other candidate came to mind.
Henceforth, that titanic scorpion was unmistakablyーー,
Subaru: “It’s Shaula for sure. I don’t know why but, she’s turned into a huge scorpion……”
Beatrice: “ーー. It is true that she was a girl with an uncertain true identity in the first place, in fact. That true identity, being that of a slightly big bug isn’t even worthy of astonishment, I suppose.”
Subaru: “Amazi~ng courage you have……”
Asserting the scorpion to be a mere bug, Beatrice warded it off with not the ability to comprehend but the ability to respond to the call. Coiling his tongue at that approach of coping with the situation, Subaru at that moment glared at the titanic scorpion for once.
Red compound eyes with the aim of their gaze unknown, stabbed by the scowl coming from the opposite direction,
Subaru: “How about you give some answers! Your true identity has been uncovered already, you bastard!!”
“ーーーー”
Subaru: “Making excuses or flicking your tongue before the prey, there must be something you have to do…… ~hk.”
When he raised his harsh voice, he felt his head ache with the weight of the atmosphere and inferior physical form. However, Subaru ignored that pain and sought a response from the titanic scorpion.
However, the titanic scorpion, maintaining its outward appearance which suggested its inability of will and communication, never even once tried to respond.
Subaru: “Are you, not going to make a single excuse……”
Murmuring powerlessly, Subaru thought while fighting his urge to vomit.
Just like the memories he had recalled earlier, Subaru had been made to taste hardships time and time again by this titanic scorpion.
With unruly naivete, the one who had continued to show her courtesy and affection to Subaru without ever attempting to conceal it, Shaulaーー having gotten cheated by her, deceived by her, that truth piercingly stabbed through his chest.
How her smile, her words, her attitude, anything and everything had been made-up fakes.
How she had deceived Subaru and others, and had been a traitor.
Subaru: “No……”
Traitor, sadly expressing that notation, Subaru stiffened his cheeks with a dicey sense of unease.
Shaula betrayed them. ーーThat thought itself was a conclusion which could not be helped considering the existing situation. However, whether or not everything relating to Shaula had truly been fiction had room for argument.
Of course, it is plausible that all of Shaula’s words and deeds till now had been acting and that her smile, bonding, anything and everything were all just swindles for deceiving them.
It was plausible. But, for whatーー?
Had she intended to crawl into Subaru and the rest’s trust through her acting, her intentions would pose her as an opponent to Subaru and the rest.
However, had Shaula aimed for that she must have obtained chances to chop off their sleeping heads time and time again even without having to do something like diving into the battle at this stage of the game.
Precisely that, whilst she crawled into gaining such deep trust from Subaru and the others, she must have had infinite chances to slowly and secretly poison them as well.
Missing those chances, why did she unconceal her betrayal now.
That, could never be a completely rational enemy.
Going out of her way and putting up a dubious pretense and becoming a comrade for Subaru and the others, what could be the point of all that.
Listening to Subaru’s requests and even cooperating in stopping Meili, displaying hyper magic against the hordes of Witch Beasts from the balcony, it was unknown what meaning all that held.
None of it, made any sense, did it.
Subaru: “The reason why I end up thinking that, is it because I got mesmerised by her fair legs visible in her hot pants?”
Beatrice: “If Subaru’s thoughts are becoming blurred by that, then Shaula’s plan has not been discarded completely, in fact.
Subaru: “Right. My feelings are aligned with Emilia-chan…… argh, the end!”
Just when they jointly felt discomfort towards Shaula’s conduct he suddenly had his arm pulled by Beatrice. It was not objection, but an action of overbearing extrication.
Overhead Subaru, who had unintentionally stepped upon that foot bellow, a white corona striked through and he picked up his life from within the breadth of his hair.
Beatrice: “It seems, there’s no time to sit and chatter, I, suppose!”
While saying that, raising Subaru’s hand other than the one which she had grasped, Beatrice’s environs gleamed faintly.
Clad in the violet light which evolved along with sharpened pointed tips in large numbers. As if enclosing Subaru and Beatrice, the violet arrows unfolded, facing the titanic scorpion directly, and were shot.
At that moment, the white corona from the same frontward came flying and clashed with the violet arrows and the light performed a boisterous dance.
Subaru: “U~o~o~o~o~o~o~!?”
Beatrice: “Duck down, in fact! It won’t be good if you receive a direct hit, in fact!”
The glittering violet light raged on and a sound like that of shattering glass beautifully chained through the aisle.
On the other side of the spectacle where the glitter seemingly grilled his eyes, the flash fired by the titanic scorpionーー no, that attack by the sharp tail stinger had been established to relentlessly take away Subaru’s life.
The single arrow possessing that advancing intent to kill was warded off and repelled away by the hundred arrows stemming from the magic Beatrice had spun, making her protect themselves by jumping.
However, that resource consumption had been overwhelming.
Beatrice: “Gh, not good, in fact……! At this rate, our mana will get exhausted in no time, I suppose……!”
Subaru: “What’ll happen if it gets exhausted!?”
Beatrice: “Betty and Subaru will get pierced through by that single arrow together, in fact!”
Being together aside, he could not come to accept that circumstance.
Against the assailing attack Beatrice’s remaining strength could not last for long, that was what she had reported herself. With their circumstances continuing to deteriorate, there was a need to somehow defeat the situation before they were crushed by the pressure.
And at the moment immediately after Subaru gritted his teeth due to the impending sense of crisisーー,
Emilia: “ーーSwishing that right above someone’s head, it’s dangerous, you know!”
The sound of silver bells chimed potently and a large rock of ice energetically struck the shell of the titanic scorpion. A hammering sound echoed and surprise was reflected in the emotionless compound eyes of the scorpion.
The one who managed to draw out that reaction was the one who created a wall of ice in the aisle and subsequently kicked it, decisively plunging into the bosom of the scorpion, Emilia.
Her silver hair fluttering, leaping upon the scorpion with magnificence she wielded a longsword of ice,
Emilia: “Targeting Subaru and Beatrice…… bullying the weak ones shows you are a coward!”
“ーーーー”
With the sword slash capable of slashing down anything with a single hit, she brushed away the large pincers and the titanic scorpion made a speedy withdraw using its multiple legs, wriggling like a worm. However, Emilia pursued the retreating large build and in the cramped aisle thus commenced the three-dimensional battle between the beauty and the scorpion.
Emilia: “Hiyah! Eyah! I~ya~h!”
The longsword, twin sword, lance, large hammer hence given shape to smashed to a light report, and the falling, glittering ice shards flutter around the gracefully dancing Emilia.
The potent pincers of the titanic scorpion, the strength they had was their highlight as they easily shattered the weapons of the enemy they had come to accept and hid their herculean cutting strength. However, that destruction of weapons would not work on Emilia.
Emilia’s Ice Brand Arts was an ability capable of creating countless weapons through her magical power.
The disposable weapons of ice were no greater than trifling articles to Emilia. No matter how many times were they to be smashed, shattered, it neither hurt nor itch Emilia.
Emilia: “Hi, ya~h!!”
The pincers and tail stinger waving about and Emilia, who had dodged them, launched the picket of ice floating midair. It collided head on with the corona shot by the scorpion, resulting in light scattering across.
It was the overwhelming offence and defence of the two, one human and one inhuman.
What was worth admiring was Emilia’s sense against an enemy for whom a coping method different from those used against people was required, having jumped in without any hesitation whatsoever and continued hanging on.
For Emilia, who readily took upon an instinctive battle style, the form and shape of the enemy were not absolute. Not by piling up strict disciplining but the greater than sufficient battle sense within her body told her of her enemy.
Henceforth, the offence and defence of Emilia and the titanic scorpion was taking alternately favorable and unfavorable turns, and gave rise to a stalemate.
However, with Emilia fighting the titanic scorpion, another progressing battle was unable to avoid remaining unchanged.
Even if that battle, at maximum, had commenced with an attack by the both of them at the same time, the offence and defence with the Sin Archbishop of『Gluttony』Louis Arnebーー had been left to Ram alone.
Subaru: “Ram!!”
Ram: “You are audible, there is no need to shout every second. As it dampens spirit.”
Upon Subaru’s voice, who had been fearful regarding her, she responded with an outrageously cruel reply.
Ram confronted Louis in the middle of the aisle all by herself. Having her back face his side, she clashed head-on with the large build exerting tremendous pressure.
Of course, with Emilia’s fallout the battle had turned worse, Subaru was able to see that, butーー,
Ram: “Kh ~hk.”
Louis: “Higyahah ~tsu! Nee-sama is just so harsh so harsh!”
With a smile glued to his face, the large build, shaking his head about, took a single step backward instead of jumping.
The rebuff he had experienced head-on, his retreat was to disperse its impact. In front of the large build who did that, Ram sharply gyrated her body and commenced a resolute extremely close combat with the expert who named himself as the『Fist King』.
The unarmed martial arts Louis was using had been endowed with immeasurable bloodshed to the name of the『Fist King』. However, through merely the sense of gaps, Ram was somehow managing to keep up with those fighting techniques which had been taken to the extremities, and their proper tracks.
Even now, as she unleashed herself, her fair fist fired into the median line of the enemy mercilessly.
Louis: “How amazing! So amazing! Isn’t it amazing, isn’t it too amazing! Nee-sama is just too strong, much more than what we knew ~tsu! What’s this what’s this, why are you able to move so much!?”
Ram: “Don’t talk as if you know anything, kindly keep quiet and die.”
Bathing in the vehement impact, passing his comment while somewhat writhing in pain was Louis.
Louis had gotten his right arm broken and was in a state of plugging the roots of his arm currently. In that state, even if it is the body of a man who had mastered unarmed combat, it would not be possible to bring out those specs.
The experience points of the martial arts cultivated within the『Fist King』were being competed against by Ram, who had been released from her inferior physical form.
To a point that the inborn natural specs Ram had were keeping up with the enemy.
However, as Ram continued to put up a hard fight, as much as she fought hardーー,
Subaru: “Gh, bhugh.”
Welling up of nausea, limitless rise in temperature. Within his head, the seemingly cursing noise of gongs being struck buzzing in his ears accompanied with a headache, whilst experiencing these Subaru fought against getting distracted and letting his guard down.
This was what Ram felt and tasted normally.
It was now, mercilessly scraping off Subaru’s mind and body with a rasp. Whether it was possible to get used to it or not, the chills continued becoming heavier with each passing second and as Ram’s voltage rose, its weight rose accordingly as well.
“ーーーー”
However, that nausea, that headache, that sense of fatigue, Subaru kept them at the back of his molars and patiently endured them.
Thanks to this Authority, he could take on Ram’s suffering and grant her the strength to fight. At this point, the recoil of Subaru having to suffer was a compensation they must accept and pay.
His entire body felt heavy, limbs creaking, ears hurting of noise, the torn thighs aching, the struck and damaged abdomen screaming in agony, the rate of breathing rising due to the usage of all strength, and vision flickering in red and white.
ーーThis much, he should simply bluff and show that it is of no concern.
Ram: “ーーFoolish, truly.”
And, glancing towards Subaru who had bent down behind Beatrice, Ram’s lips faintly murmured something is what it seemed like.
However, the Authority was only capable of taking on the burden, it could not convey everything regarding the partner.
The lightly whispered words went unheard and the only result they bore was Subaru furrowing his eyebrows.
Howeverーー,
Ram: “Kindly collapse already. If you drag this on for too long, the ones charged with our household chores will all faint.”
Louis: “How cold, so cold, isn’t it cold, because it is so cold! Nee-sama, nee-sama! Let’s play more! Let’s have fun! Even though we are sisters, we’ve never even once engaged in a bout like this you know, isn’t it ~tsu!”
Ram: “ーーThen, your wish shall be granted.”
Narrowing her cold eyes, Ram struck the side of the frolicking Louis’ face with her palm.
At the same pace, as if in flow, she struck countless blows on the entirety of Louis’ body, delivering rebuff to the receptacle in the same direction.
Louis turned completely defensive and folding up that jaw with her palm directly underneath it, Ram grabbed her opponent’s collar and forcefully bashed his face into the wall on the side, and thereafter drove her lovely knees into his head.
Louis: “Pgh, gugh.”
With his face caught between the bare wall and the knee, Louis had his nose crushed as he collapsed, bleeding. Towards that Louis’ naked nape, Ram turned her palm relentlessly.
Within that palm was whirling an extremely small blade of wind. However, its potency was nothing to be made light of. The swirl of the wind blade thus formed in her palm had enough strength to gouge out any vitals of the body.
Grand destruction unneeded, a minimalistic attack to merely gouge out the vitals of the body and bring down the enemy. If the neck was to receive it, regardless of how thick the neck of even the『Fist King』may be, he would still be equally helpless.
And, Ram’s attack settled the battleーー,
???: “ーーGeez, alwa~ys doing things as you please when someone’s sleeping. This is why, youngest little sisters can’t be selfish. As an elder herself, nee-sama must also agree, right?”
Ram: “ーー~hk.”
The moment when the strike to the nape was settled,『Fist King’s』form changed, and Ram’s palm missed its aim.
The moment initially afterwards, what seized Ram’s petite torso from the frontward was the brutal backwards kick of, with a strikingly short height, Louisーー no, Ley Batenkaitos.
Subaru: “Switch……!?”
Ley: “No no no no no we’re telling you ~tsu! It wasn’t something we were aiming for and then did it or anything, by sheer chance, the moment we opened our eyes little sister was in an unfavorable position, that’s all it is. Onii-san can understand, right? The feeling when your sibling is so bad at the game being played that you can’t stand it and end up taking away the controller?”
Languidly stretching out his tongue, with his dubiously long dark brown hair, Ley smiled at Subaru.
With that evil smile of Ley’s, Ram, who had received the fierce kick directly in her guts, had been pushed backwards to an immense distance. And, she distorted her cheeks and expression at that singular counterattack and inhaled a rough and large breath.
At the same time, Subaru took over the origin of what had stopped her in her tracks through the Authority.
Andーー,
Subaru: “Ghu, gya~a~a~a~a ~hk!”
Pain that was enough to make him give up springing forth in his abdomen, Subaru shouted at the scorching heat difficult to bear.
He was tormented by the extreme pain which seemed as if his guts had been stirred up and damaged with a blazing hot rod of iron. His field of vision whitening at the impact, he understood that his internal organs within were all screeching at once.
By this, he understood. ーーIn actuality, this blow by Ley had been the true and sole decisive blow of the battle, which would have unquestionably ended the fight with Ram.
Ley: “Huh? Just as thought. So it was thanks to onii-san that nee-sama, for whom it should be impossible to move, was able to move is what it means ~tsu! Geez nee-sama, in the time your little sister wasn’t there you deepened your relationship with the one your little sister had feelings for, is that what it means!?”
Blurting out nonsense, while looking at the screaming Subaru, Ley struck the floor with his heel. At his feet, peeking out from his heel was a hidden blade of short length and its sharp tip had been soaked with Ram’s blood.
She had been stabbed. Subaru had taken up that pain and was now suffering with it.
Otherwise this scorching heat, the blade may have been varnished with poison or something. His body temperature degraded at such vigour that it made him shiver, and the immense sweat all over his body started to flow.
Beatrice: “Subaru!?”
Ram: “Barusu, kindly stop!”
Beatrice was astonished upon Subaru’s screech and Ram shouted, seemingly having guessed the situation.
Stabbed, the wound in the abdomen letting out massive amounts of blood from the guts. It was natural to feel malaise if by the loss of blood, it still had no effect on movement. However, Subaru desperately shook his head.
He could not return this agony to Ram. The moment he would return it, Ram would be rendered immobile.
It was an obvious flow. It is best if their pain settles upon Subaru. If that were to be done, everyone would still be able to continue without losing. He must assist those who were fighting.
Subaru: “Not yet……”
Ram: “Beatrice-sama! Kindly take Barusu and stand back! He is only an obstruction!”
At Subaru’s condition who had his voice seem like incoherent murmuring, Ram prompted her quick judgement.
She rolled the tunic she had taken off around her wound in the guts thus trying to stop the bleeding and on top of that decided to continue the battle. In exchange for that she urged Beatrice to have Subaru withdraw from this place.
Beatrice abided by Ram’s judgement and pulled Subaru’s sleeve.
Beatrice: “Subaru, it’s just as how Ram says, I suppose! For now, get away from this place and……”
Subaru: “T-That won’t do……! If I, get away from here……”
Shaking his head towards Beatrice who was pulling his sleeve, Subaru attempted remaining in this place.
Right now if he were to get away from this theater, the effect of『Cor Leonis』may get cut off and the battle Ram was managing may collapse at once.
If that happened, then what would be the point of having Subaru withdraw from here.
Ram: “Kugh……! Emilia-sama! For once, come over here!
Emilia: “Eh? Ah, hm! I get it!”
Looking at Subaru, who was attempting to remain here, Ram called upon Emilia.
At that call, Emilia, who had been concentrating on her battle with the titanic scorpion flew backwards greatly. The titanic scorpion tried to go after her but that pursuit was hindered by a humongous ice wall which seemingly covered the aisle.
Of course, in front of the titanic scorpion’s pincers the ice wall could stand for not more than a single second, but that single second was sufficient for Emilia’s retreat.
At that pointーー,
Ley: “Woahwoahwoah, justasecondjustasecondjustasecond! Even if you come back with such energy, did you think we’ll just say ah is that so and overlook you……”
Ram: “Keep quiet!”
Ley: “Woops.”
Ley, slurping on his tongue, swung his dagger towards the retreating Emilia’s back. Ram, closing in with a low stance, brushed it away energetically by sweeping it with her legs.
And Emilia flew overhead of Ley, whose attack had been overturned, as if jumping over a hurdle. The result of that, as Ley stood in the aisleーー,
Shaula: “ーーーーBishaaan!”
Ley: “Tch~! Hahaha ~tsu! Well well, aren’t you doing it ~tsu!”
The titanic scorpion, trying to pursue Emilia, viciously clashed with Ley who had been left alone in the theater. Though the compound eyes of the titanic scorpion were originally turned towards Subaru, even still, there was no way it could simply ignore the one standing in between as an obstruction and be able to pass freely.
The pincers of the titanic scorpion swung, and Ley warded them off with a miraculous technique of the blade with his daggers. Though the brittle blades seemed that they would get shattered easily by a single strike, Ley’s ability was able to do that extremely easily.
At the same pace, glancing backwards, seeing as how the enemy collided with the enemy,
Ram: “Emilia-sama! Take Barusu!”
Emilia: “Leave it to me!”
Hearing Ram’s shout as she dashed from the aisle, Emilia held the crouching Subaru in her arms like a baby. Shouldered by Emilia’s slender arms, Subaru gave rise to a surprised voice saying “Woah!” but,
Emilia: “I’m sorry, stay put for a second, okay!”
Subaru: “To be carried by a girl, my pride got hurt……”
Ram: “There’s no way there’s any pride even left to be hurt at this point. Kindly stay put and get treated like luggage!”
Emilia’s speed did not decrease even slightly whilst shouldering Subaru, who had blurted such thoughtless comments.
Behind them unfolded the clash between Ley and the titanic scorpion, and regardless of what the conclusion of it should become, the two would surely be obstructing each other’s way for some time for the moment.
With that being saidーー,
Beatrice: “ーーShaula must be aiming for Subaru, in fact. The direction in which if you take your eyes off and lose sight of where it may come from is dangerous, I suppose!”
Ram: “That is the problem, Beatrice-sama. ーーIs that thing, really Shaula?”
Running alongside Emilia who was shouldering Subaru, Ram and Beatrice exchanged thoughts on the situation.
What Ram had asked demanded confirmation of what Subaru had previously convicted. Hearing that, Beatrice gave a sidelong glance to Subaru and nodded,
Beatrice: “That is what Subaru believes, in fact. That, attack of firing light also coincides, I suppose.”
Ram: “……The attack seen from the balcony, or during the time of exiting the sand, is it.”
Hearing Beatrice’s analysis, Ram furrowed her eyebrows. She then glanced towards Subaru, speaking to Subaru who was being carried Emilia’s arms.
Ram: “Barusu, whatever you are doing, disconnect it. At that pace……”
Subaru: “I-I will have to endure it? I’ll say this, I’m a man, you know. Enduring and being patient, is the special right of us men……”
Ram: “Quite a thing to say after being in such a tattered state and being carried by Emilia-sama.”
Subaru: “U~ghu.”
At Ram’s words, he was unable to voice even “Ugh” properly.
The truth is, due to the effect of taking over Ram’s inferior physical form, ignoring his spirit, even breathing was painful for him. The burden increased each passing second and the exhaustion felt as if it were some curse that would eat away his life.
At the strong act being put up by that Subaru, Emilia whispered “As I thought”,
Emilia: “Subaru, you’re doing something, right? Midway through, my body also became re~ally light, and the parts where I was damaged and wounded ndidn’t hurt either…… Beatrice, in case you are having Subaru push himself.”
Beatrice: “It’s not Betty, in fact. This is what Subaru is doing by himself…… through an Authority, I suppose. Even Betty wants to stop him if he can be stopped, in fact.”
Emilia: “Authority……?”
Against Emilia, who had offered her frank advice, Beatrice denied her involvement and made an astringent face. Emilia and Ram furrowed their eyebrows together in response to what she had pronounced.
Calling it an Authority, Beatrice gave the impression that she had an idea about the power Subaru was usingーー,
Ram: “Beatrice-sama, what would be an Authority?”
Beatrice: “ーー. Something like, the backwards compatibility of a Divine Protection, I suppose. Subaru is pushing himself quite a bit and using it, in fact. That is the cause behind Emilia and Ram’s states as well, I suppose.”
“ーーーー”
Hearing that, Emilia inhaled while Ram sharpened her gaze.
Though she was physically supposed to be fine, what dwelled in Ram’s light crimson eyes was powerful rage. With such eyes, she glared at Subaru,
Ram: “Taking up Ram’s burden as how you please, when did you become so admirable?”
Subaru: “My bad…… I’m a gentleman. That’s why, I end up smartly taking the girls’ luggage……”
Ram: “And as a result of that, become a girl’s luggage instead? It can be said countless times, you’ve got it backwards.”
Ram’s continued sighs somewhat felt as if she had given up on Subaru’s attitude. She must have understood as well, that Subaru had no intentions of returning that burden.
Honestly speaking, possessing it forever would be tiresome, but even so, at least while they are in the middle of the conflictーー,
Subaru: “ーーThat’s, it.”
Thinking that far, at last, Subaru finally turned his consciousness towardsーー not the internal organs within the depths of his abdomen, but something else.
His consciousness passed through the body of what was his self, and largely spread out to the scope perceivable to him. And, grasping onto『Cor Leonis』, he connected to the conditions and positions of his comrades.
Without any change, in『Taygeta』were Echidna and Rem, along with Patrasche. Slightly away from them was Gyan at a lower floor, and thenーー,
Subaru: “I knew it.”
Emilia: “I knew it? What did you know?”
Subaru: “Meili is, even now, obstructing the Witch Beasts from the balcony……”
Though faintly distant, the flickering, blurry light on the balcony of the fourth layer was Meili. Though the situation was that Shaula had broken away, she was mobilising her own strength and was dealing with the large hordes of Witch Beasts.
He held the deepest admiration for the strenuous efforts she was making, and he felt grateful as wellーー,
Beatrice: “That girl was not attacked by Shaula is what that would mean, in fact.”
Subaru: “Exactly.”
Subaru affirmed what Beatrice had stated, while on top of Emilia’s shoulders.
The moment immediately after the battles had broken out in each of the respective places, Subaru had left dealing with the Witch Beasts advancing towards the watchtower to the two of Meili and Shaula.
Thereafter, with Shaula unraveling herself in form of the titanic scorpion to attack Subaru and the rest, of course, the well-being of Meili, who was supposed to be with her became a matter of concernーー but Subaru could feel her safety.
In other words,
Subaru: “Shaula turned into that after parting with Meili. At any rate, Shaula hasn’t laid a finger on Meili……”
How relevant that was to the present situation, he could not think about that with an exhausted mind.
On top of that, even if they continued running at this rateーー,
Emilia: “We need to solve the problems rising up, otherwise we’ll just get cornered no matter how much we run!”
With a shout similar to a cry, Emilia perfectly expressed the present condition of Subaru and the others.
The first of the five problems, the hordes of Witch Beasts, for that was Meili, the titanic scorpion and『Gluttony』were continuing trying to devour each other, and he felt no signs of the arrival of the jet black shadow.
However, Reid Astrea, equipped with absurd violence like the hammer of god, wasーー,
Ram: “ーー~hk, kindly stop!”
“ーー!?”
Ram, who was running and leading the vanguard, stretched her hand towards the rear and restrained Emilia and the others. In front of the momentarily stopped three a shockwave pierced through the following instant.
The shockwave diagonally bisected the aisle seemingly made of stone, creating an entrapment of rubble and smoke.
Seeing the destruction of the watchtower which had professed itself as indestructible, taking into account Subaru’s memories, this would be the third timeーー but if being crushed by the shadow was to be kept out of the picture, this would be the first.
And, the true identity of that destruction wasーー,
???: “Miss Ram…… along with Emilia-sama and Beatrice-sama, is it.”
Subaru: “Julius!?”
Evading the erupted smoke, flying backwards greatly, the figure with a white outfit contaminated by blood and dust was the good-looking man, Julius Juukulius.
Stepping onto that place and the cause of the shockwave, he quickly turned his yellow eyes backwards and glanced into the dark-coloured eyes of Subaru, who was sitting atop Emilia’s shoulders,
Julius: “Though I believe it has only been a few minutes since we parted ways, it seems you were damaged quite harshly, isn’t it.”
Subaru: “Shut u~p…… For once, I’m unhurt.”
Julius: “I do not see the cold sweat of an unhurt human, though……”
Julius closed a single eye at Subaru, who had a pallid face and blurted out rough words with a faint breath. Even he, who possessed good judgement, had not been able to understand the effects of the Authority of『Cor Leonis』, as expected.
And unfortunately, no longer remained any time for them to calm down and converse about it.
Subaru: “I’m begging you, please say you slashed Reid’s throat……”
Julius: “Reporting what differs from reality, is an extraordinarily difficult choice as a knight.”
Beatrice: “……That, already makes for the answer, I suppose.”
Subaru’s wish, which seemed more like a prayer, had been implicitly repudiated by the excessively serious response. While feeling his hope turn into despair, Subaru made a bitter expression.
He felt his earbuds hurt, by a sound as that of crushing of the wall’s fragments,
???: “Hah! So ya’re greetin’ all the women ya’ve gathered in here, you. It was jus’ startin’ to get a bit borin’ after walkin’ ’round freely. So are y’all gonna be my opponents, aye?”
Ram: “……The worst progression of events, isn’t it.”
Following Julius, the one who showed his form through the smoke was the great man with long red hair, casually dressed on only a single side, with a tall figure built with muscularityーー red violence, Reid Astrea.
At the form of Reid, boldly stepping into the aisle of the fourth layer and not the second layer, Ram commented with a low voice. With identical astonishment Emilia said “You……” with a quivering voice.
Emilia: “Why are you on this floor? Aren’t you supposed to be unable to exit from there……”
Reid: “Heyhey, don’tcha be makin’ me laugh, fiercely frizzlin’. I live where I wanna live, slash down those whom I wanna slash down, and sleep with women I wanna sleep with. As if I’ll be abidin’ by the customs of others.”
Beatrice: “……Just how cheap is this guy, in fact.”
Beatrice, whilst trembling with fear, smacked her lips at Reid’s self-centred philosophy.
However, it was fact that Reid had appeared in this place and was standing in the way of Subaru and the others, obstructing them.
With this was, Reid at the main gate, and『Gluttony』and the titanic scorpion at the rear gate. ーーThis was the location of a tremendous battle.
Subaru: “Though it may be useless to just talk…… Right now, everything happening in the tower is……”
Reid: “Ah, I know it’s becomin’ quite the ruckus, ya know? But, it ain’t concernin’ me. If the ones that got in will be gettin’ in my way then I’ll slash ’em down, or if they’ll open my way then I won’t kill ’em at least. ーーWoops, well those takin’ part in the『Trial』gotta be a special case. Though that still ain’t different from pickin’ a fight with me.”
Subaru: “Then……”
Reid: “ーーHey, young fish. Don’tcha say any borin’ shit now.”
Twisting his words, Subaru tried to somehow extract information out of Reid. With his spirit of the sword losing its proper way, he made him shut his mouth.
“ーーーー”
As if an electric shock, pressure which caused physical numbness jolted Subaruーー no, not only Subaru, but all four standing in the aisle. Otherwise, it may have jolted the entire tower itself.
This merely brought the displeasure of the lone man. So this was just his sense of intimidation.
Upon Pleiades Watchtower were threats aside from this giant manーー,
Subaru: “The way to deal with one of『Gluttony』and that shadow hasn’t been found either, and still……”
Julius: “ーーSubaru, regarding that, I have a good news and bad news from my side.”
Said Julius, preparing to use his knight sword, commencing with his words. At his commencement, with words as those from some overseas drama, Subaru stiffened his cheeks.
Good news and bad news, though it was an expression common in literary works, hearing those words in reality like this gave a terrible feeling of his chest being scratched apart.
Gulping down saliva for once, Subaru affirmed the words “Good news and bad news” in his mouth,
Subaru: “Then, say the good news first.”
Julius: “Regarding the Sin Archbishop of『Gluttony』nowhere to be seen whom you are getting anxious about, there is no need to be on the lookout for him. I can assure you regarding that.”
Subaru: “ーー? I don’t know on what basis you’re saying that, but it’s certainly good news. Then, what’s the bad news?”
Whether he found his tracks, or whether he got hands on proof of him having not arrived in the first place or having exited the tower, Subaru raised a single eyebrow in response to what Julius had pointed out.
If there was to be only one Sin Archbishop of『Gluttony』, then certainly the problems they had to deal with would reduce by one.
If the cards in their hands and the cards in the hands of the opponent were to be seen and compared, what would be the ideal course of action, Subaru considered that with his body in a horribly bad state.
Before that Subaru, Julius softly exhaled, and continued.
Julius: “The Sin Archbishop of『Gluttony』, Roy Alphard is over there.”
Subaru: “……Ah?”
With an earnest tone, Julius turned the leading edge of his knight sword towards the front.
What stood ahead of the pointing tip of that knight sword, was only the great man with the smile of a ferocious shark.
It could not mean anything else. ーーThe man with the smile of a shark, was standing there.
However, Julius continued his words, as Subaru and the others stood stunned.
Julius: “The one before our eyes, the first generation『Sword Saint』, Reid Astrea. ーーHe is, Roy Alphard.”


Chapter 70
ーーGulping down those words he had heard, he required several seconds to chew their implication.
Subaru: “Reid is, Roy Alphard……?”
Upon the report betraying his expectations, Subaru’s thoughts were disturbed into a shape unlike the anguish he had taken over.
The pain and suffering he had arbitrarily taken from his comrades, due to that negativity his mind was working slowly but this was a situation where even that couldn’t be used as scapegoat.
Taking some time for the moment with his brain seemingly melting out of his ears, he found his thoughts to be endless.
“ーーーー”
In front of him, the majestic figure standing boldly about whom this revelation had been made, the red-haired swordsman, unmistakably the existence who was the biggest nuisance in this Pleiades Watchtower, Reid Astrea, all whilst staring at him Subaru whispered.
Julius, who had readied his knight sword on his side, his expression possessed no signs of falsehood whilst he focused his eyes on Reid.
He was not a person with the personality to make such unfunny jokes in a gambling room where it was all a matter of life and death in the first place. That was the commentary on Julius by Subaru, who had once forgotten everything, and abiding by that notion the one in question remained fully serious.
Because it meant that Julius’ remarks, who possessed that conviction, were certain truth.
Subaru: “If Reid, is『Gluttony』, then that means……”
Reid was one of the obstacles that existed in the watchtower, however, stood at an ambiguous position when it came to demarcation as an ally or enemy.
But if his existence were to explicitly be one of those who were distinctly the enemies, thenーー,
Subaru: “So that’s why, you were…… again and again, so persistently……?”
Reid: “ーーHey, jus’ wait, you. That’s a pretty borin’ misunderstandin’, ya know.”
Subaru: “Eh?”
Reid: “It ain’t a joke, you. Hey, you. You. You, sayin’ that I’m takin’ the form of that unrelated idiot, don’t go ’bout trustin’ that borin’ conclusion, you.”
Hearing Subaru’s trembling voice, Reid distorted his cheeks with seemingly painful displeasure.
Subaru was unable to comprehend, the meaning of that reaction.
ーーThe Sin Archbishop of『Gluttony』, Roy Alphard was manifesting in the form of Reid.
Subaru, who had just previously seen the transformations of Louis Arneb, had reached that extremely respectable conclusion. The Authority of『Gluttony』of extorting the shape, form and combat power of the opponent, the result of which was the Reid before them.
However, Reid’s mood turned worse quite frankly at that conclusion.
The cause of that seemed to be, instead of the behaviour of a coward hiding his true identity without knowing when to give, something much more simple like the displeasure of a child upon being teased.
The real meaning of that wasーー,
Reid: “Ain’t it obvious that I’d be me. Because that’ll never change, I’m standin’ here. Do ya disagree? You, are ya sayin’ I’m wrong?”
“ーーーー”
Touching the eyepatch on his left eye whilst baring his sharp fangs, Reid declared towards Subaru.
Receiving that, Subaru inhaled and furrowed his eyebrows, reading deeply into his words.
And noticing a certain possibility, he took a short breath.
Subaru: “It can’t be, Julius……”
Julius: “Ah, likely, what you are imagining is correct.”
While keeping his line of sight maintained towards Reid, Julius pulled in his jaw upon Subaru’s hoarse voice. The good-looking man rubbed his cheek stained by his own blood with his shoulder and whilst continuing to erase that bloodstain,
Julius: “My wording earlier, was at fault. Let me correct it. ーーHe, in front of our eyes, that flesh body belongs to Roy Alphard. However, that spirit is different.”
Subaru: “ーーSpirit.”
Julius: “Roy Alphard, ate the『Memories』of Reid Astrea, and had the control over his own spirit stolen by those『Memories』. Henceforth he, without any restrictions, descended from the second layer and is now here.”
“ーーーー”
Subaru found himself dumbfounded in response to Julius affirming the absurd possibility he had thought of.
Subaru wondered how something like that was even possibleーー no, each one aside from Subaru, Emilia, Beatrice, and even Ram, all of them widened their eyes together.
Certainly, everything’s reasoning was logical with Julius’ explanation.
Originally, as the trial taker of the『Trial』in Pleiades Watchtower, Reid Astrea was not supposed to be able to leave the second layer, but he started wandering about in the tower making an expression as if he owned the whole place, the reality behind that.
In the worlds he had continued to repeatedly witness, Subaru had been confused in the mayhem which brought the end of the tower, within those, he himself had not been able to attain freedom but had taken advantage of the actions of『Gluttony』and had acquired freedom.
Yes, that’s right. With that, all of the baffling situations surrounding Reid made sense.
ーーHowever, he was unable to shut his hanging jaw for this exceeded norms far too much.
Beatrice: “Got dragged along by the『Memories』and lost sight of the true self, is what it would mean, I suppose.”
Ram: “Simply put, it must mean that the one with the stronger self won and remained. ーーIn terms of self principles, one chased away the other.”
Though a bit late compared to Subaru, Beatrice and Ram arrived at the same conclusion.
An unstructured way of speaking, but Ram’s words expressed the truth with frankness.
Subaru: “But, I have a doubt too……”
That was, why the eaten Reid’s existence had not disappeared from everyone’s memories.
Till now, the ones who had fallen victim to『Gluttony』aside from Subaru, Rem and Julius, had their existences erased from the memories of all people, is how it seemed.
The truth is, in the previous loop, the existence of Emilia disappearing from the memories of Ram and the rest was something Subaru could attest to. If so, then the same thing not happening to Reid was,
Julius: “Principally, what『Gluttony』had eaten was not Reid’s 『Name』 but at most his『Memories』, is what that would mean. It is not possible to eat both the『Name』and『Memories』of a dead person. That is what Roy Alphard had asserted.”
Subaru: “ーー~hk! Did you witness the scene of Reid getting eaten!?”
Sensing Subaru’s doubt, Julius responded with a single eye open. He answered with a short “Yes”, looking at the crumbled wall he himself had passed through,
Julius: “When I went to the second layer in accordance with your instructions, you see. Timely enough, that was when Roy Alphard and Reid were having negotiations. Negotiation, to label it as that would be suspicious in itself, though.”
Subaru: “What’s suspicious, about that?”
Julius: “Because Reid was making no effort for resistance. ーーPerhaps『Gluttony』, for some reason, may have been subjected to the『Trial』. That is why he, the trial taker, was unable to attack the opponent.”
Reid: “Hah! You, that’s ’bout half correct n’ half incorrect.”
Upon Julius stating that conjecture, none other than Reid called a halt to it. While crackling his thick neck bones, he had his nails touch the pit of his stomach,
Reid: “Certainly, no way they were gonna be participants for the『Trial』, but had I thought of doin’ it then I would’ve done it, ya know? If I did that then I won’t be here right now, ain’t that so?”
Julius: “You have attained the opponent’s self. Are you, saying that you already possessed confidence in that?”
Reid: “Jus’ actin’ as if focusin’ on only the strong parts’s somethin’ I won’t allow. Placin’ everythin’ one’s side has n’ gamblin’ it all’s what’s interestin’. Though, that was somethin’ that midget didn’t understand.”
Regardless of the truth of him having obtained that physical body, whatever may have been the interests of『Gluttony』who had been affected by that sequence of events, Reid declared pertaining to Roy with terrible indifference, whom he had confronted.
Merely, the fact is that the reality in front of their eyes was the truth. ーーThe self of Roy Alphard, had been painted out by the monster known as Reid Astrea.
Reid: “If you wanna eat n’ taste me then ya gotta have the stomach large enough to fit me in. He didn’t have that. That’s why, I bit and tore apart the stomach. That’s all there’s to it.”
Subaru: “That’s all, there’s to it, you say……”
Aside from his bearing nausea and the sense of abrasion of his mind and body, Subaru felt his head starting to hurt.
In other words, if what happened in Reid’s body was to be said straightforwardly then,
Subaru: “Revived…… Resurrected from the dead, is that what this is about?”
Julius: “In terms of results, you could say that. Above all, a situation where it is possible to meddle with the『Memories』of a dead person, and the existence who wielded that ability being encountered for the first time and then subsequently arriving into existence, it is a series of events akin to miracles.”
Subaru: “Miracles……”
A life who was supposed to have vanished four hundred years ago, to witness the moment of it being resurrected like this, Julius might have stated it to be the embodiment of an ironical miracle regardless of his intent to call it that way.
Although, he did not intend to state the reality of his resurrection alongside that as wellーー,
Emilia: “Um, can I ask one thing?”
Reid: “A~h?”
Abruptly, when all of the happenings were being arranged into order, the one to raise her voice like that was Emilia.
Hereafter the encounter with Reid, Emilia had kept her mouth shut so that the topic of discussion may not get diverted. Seeing the discussion reach a point where it could halt she turned her amethyst eyes towards Reid.
And,
Emilia: “You have…… Reid has been revived, right? With that you’ve become able to leave that place, that’s something I rea~lly congratulate you for.”
Reid: “Ah, thanks. With this I can teach ya all sorts of stuff at a proper place, fiercely frizzlin’. Let’s have drinks tonight, you. Aside from that…… ah, heyhey we’ll do stuff as I teach ya.”
Emilia: “ーー? Are you inviting me to go out with you? But, I have only gone to a “dayte” with Puck and Subaru, so, I’m sorry. Also”
Though it would make for an exchange Subaru would never want to miss out on, getting caught on by Emilia’s comment on her date was something Subaru currently had no time to spare for.
Keeping those innermost thoughts of Subaru’s for some other occasion, Emilia repositioned Subaru’s body she was carrying on her shoulders,
Emilia: “Even though you have become free, can’t you stop being in our way? In case you don’t know, we are rea~lly busy right now……”
Reid: “Don’tcha make me say it, fiercely frizzlin’. I more or less’ve got grasp on what’s happenin’ here. After all, the tiny brat of this body was unusually well-informed, I hate it. ーーAh, I really don’t like it.”
As if throwing up, Reid annoyingly gripped to his guts.
It seemed as not merely resurrection but Reid also had the ability to read the memories of Roy Alphardーー in other words, he apparently even had the power to catch a glimpse of an edge of the Authority of『Gluttony』.
Above all, it seemed as if it was something he aesthetically found strongly, terribly repulsive,
Reid: “He didn’t have a standpoint of his own, that’s why he got himself involved in such stupid shit. He’s an irredeemable kid. Though he ended up disappearin’ ’cause he was doin’ it without knowin’ his position, it’s gotta be a natural reward.”
Subaru: “……Why talk about only this place, if you’re free then how about you go conquer the world and the vast oceans? I rea~lly feel like you’re just delaying the problem, if that’s the case”
Reid: “You, don’tcha start preparin’ to run away. As it is, a situation where ya’re bein’ carried on the shoulders of a woman, it’s so pathetic it’d be better to die. Do ya wanna be coated with embarrassment?”
“ーーーー”
Subaru’s venture to avoid battle and having the situation ameliorate ended with a failure.
Perhaps, even the ones other than Subaru may have failed to understand what he had proposed just now as well. In the end, even if Reid were to gain freedom, he intended to respect his role as the trial taker.
Otherwise, not being particular about his title of the trial taker he simply would not allow for an opponent, whom he had decided to cross swords with, to escape.
At any rate,
Emilia: “ーーIs that so. If you won’t move aside then there’s no choice.”
With a long sigh congested with nuance of it being unfortunate, the reply sufficiently suggested Emilia’s decision to attack Reid.
Emilia: “I’m sorry.”
Those words were directed, not at the confronting Reid, but at Subaru who was atop her shoulders, and he was a second late for noticing that.
Because after a single second, Subaru’s body had been brought down from Emilia’s shoulders and gently handed over to Beatrice, who was beside them.
ーーIn but an instant, crossing the aisle with the speed as that of a bullet, Emilia slammed an ice sword into Reid.
The atmosphere gave rise to a high-pitched sound, yielding forth frost and the beautiful yet cruel blade of ice fluttered through the aisle as it was enshrouded in the erupted smoke. In any case, the attack with no hesitation whatsoever aiming for a fatal woundーー once Emilia had decided to act upon, there was no faltering in her then. That was something clearly understood after all of the battles till now.
Emilia: “ーーHa ~hk!”
The slash attack Subaru’s eyes finally caught up to, the strike which was almost like an ambush, Reid easily received it using his arm outside of the breast pocket of his casual dress with the chopsticks he was holding in his hand.
This was not the first time seeing Reid wield chopsticks as his special weapon. However, it was not something which could be gotten used to even after seeing it on multiple occasions. Abnormalities were abnormalities, there lay change in that recognition.
Subaru: “He……! Emilia-chan!”
Beatrice: “S-Subaru! Don’t push yourself, in fact! Stay put, I suppose!”
Subaru shouted at Reid’s abnormal swordsmanship, feeling perturbed about Emilia’s safety. Appealing to Subaru to take care of himself was Beatrice, whom Emilia had suddenly forgone and entrusted his body to.
Being supported by her petite frame while kneeling down onto the aisle, Subaru pushed his eyes open.
Meanwhile, Emilia renewed her arms which had been smashed, or rather, slashed by the chopsticks and continued the performance of her swords dance like a fairy within sparkling diamond dust.
Easily brushing that away, Reid laughed with a “Haha ~hk!” like a shark,
Reid: “Hah! Jus’ as expected, ya got it quickly, fiercely frizzlin’! But, you, don’tcha know? Your『Trial』is already over, ya know?”
Emilia: “If that’s so! Then pass everyone else too!”
Reid: “Heyhey, the hell kind of reasonin’ makes ya say that aye. I ain’t got any reason to be doin’ that.”
Emilia: “I request you!”
Reid: “There ain’t anythin’ cute in beggin’ like that. For now, take off yer clothes, you.”
Though she had been making a serious expression, Emilia’s entreaty did not wield anything to Reid’s ears.
Identical to the first strike, Reid warded it away, chased it away the subsequent strikes using vivid techniques of chopsticks, barely conceivable. Subaru was unable to close his mouth hanging open before that abnormal swordsmanship.
Of course, Reid’s irrefutable mastery was not something unknown.
However, even Emilia had not drawn a step back against even the enemies of『Gluttony』and the titanic scorpion, when compared to such a variety of warriors she had shown overwhelming capacity. At the very least, even a hundred of Subaru would not be able to oppose Emilia. ーーFor Reid, that was, quite literally, a child’s play.
Emilia’s offence and defence jaded the spirit of it being a do-or-die situation, was naught but the play of an unskilled child for Reid.
Subsequently, Emilia, after a mere few exchanges, was unable to reach through and experienced defeat. The difference in their ability was so immense that even the untrained eyes could identify that.
Howeverーー,
Ram: “ーーThe reason to abstain from using full force? That should be quite simple.”
Reid: “A~h?”
Ram: “Because you, will face an unsightly defeat here at the hands of Ram and the others.”
Interrupting the battlefield with a petite frame pronounced Ram, positioned behind Reid.
ーーAnd caught hold of that back of Reid’s.
That alone was more than worthy of admiring, but Ram’s fearsomeness was not the end of it.
Emilia attacked without any relent against the opponent Reid Astrea. Ram matched the timing with her, who had left her battle style upon her senses, with godly intuition.
Precisely this which Subaru had not been able to read at all, was Emilia’s initial surprise attackーー movements that suggested the question whether he had really managed to read them, and the truth was that they were movements which gave the impression of possibly already having gotten read.
“ーーーー”
The very next instant, Ram’s unleashed fist stabbed into the side of Reid’s casual dress.
At the moment of the impact, with the sound of the flesh and bones creaking, Ram’s white fist’s piercing strength penetrated through Reid’s internal organs and the aisle was split open by the bottom of Reid’s feet, who continued standing his ground.
Subaru: “It reached through…… ~hk!?”
Looking at that, Subaru thoughtlessly hugged Beatrice tightly.
He wanted to cheer, but he was unable to voice anything further. Instead of that, he felt his body heat up as if his blood was boiling. Because that was, as far as Subaru knew, the first time Reid had taken damage without it even being a matter of super luck.
Ram: “Ha, a~a~a~ーー!”
The unimaginably powerful fists fired from her slender arms were hammered into Reid as if a storm. Reid received that with his defenseless lower body, and retreated.
It was not as if he lacked all defense. Even for blocking Ram’s attacks, his two chopsticks were being used to block Emilia’s fierce attack, so he merely lacked the defense to direct there.
Henceforth, pressurised by the might of her tremendous fisting, Reid’s body was greatly pushed back.
And whilst his figure was blown off, Emilia threw the twin swords she had created with both of her hands and the sword slashes drew an arc which was then cleared away by Reid’s chopsticks’ slash, subsequently he collapsed onto the aisle, lying spread-eagled.
Subaru: “Did they, do it……?”
Seeing the form of Reid collapsed, lying flat on the aisle, Subaru lightly whispered in astonishment, with widened eyes.
Blocking Emilia’s surprise attack had been a final desperate tactic of his, and the one other than that, Ram’s attacks was what he had gotten a taste of. Every blow had wielded enough power to make his bones creak.
Emilia’s difficult fighting was a matter of course, but perhaps misjudging Ram’s combat power had been Reid’s cause of defeat.
As an effect of『Cor Leonis』, having been able to move without any hindrances, Ram’s ability had been enough to mow down the opponent’s consciousness before Reid could get seriousーー,
Subaru: “ーー~hk! Right now you can quickly tie him down and render him unable to battle! Emilia-chan! Constrict him with ice……”
For a moment his thoughts had come to a halt without confirming their victory, but he was unable to overlook that extremely valuable situation. Panicking, Subaru instructed Emilia to constrict Reid.
At the same pace, he tried to call out to Ram, who had been making strenuous effortsーー,
Beatrice: “……Subaru, when did, your health come back?”
Subaru: “Eh?”
Suddenly, so asked Beatrice, who had been supporting his body.
Receiving that doubt, Subaru tardily came to notice the truth of him standing on his legs and giving instructions to Emilia. ーーThe agony which was eating into him as if a curse, had disappeared.
Ram: “ーーKa, fugh”
The moment immediately after he judged what that must mean, Ram’s body shivered, trembling violently.
Ram’s upper body, who had turned her back towards this side, jolted and she collapsed down to her knees, unable to support her body.
Subaru: “Ram!!”
Julius: “Ku~gh!”
Unable to even stretch out her hand, Ram collapsed seemingly like a puppet whose threads had been slashed away. The one to jump at Ram’s collapsing body was Julius, who had been awaiting an interval to plunge into the battle.
Supporting Ram’s wholly exhausted body, Julius confirmed her condition with his expression frozen. The reason for that was Ram’s complexion, and the crimson of thick blood which dyed her clothes.
Massive amounts of blood was flowing from the wound in Ram’s abdomen whose bleeding she had stopped. Though it was true that the lost blood brought serious danger to her life, that alone was not the issue.
The greatest problem was linked with the healing of Subaru’s condition.
In other wordsーー,
Subaru: “The effect of『Cor Leonis』, has been cut off……”
???: “ーーA~h, so it finally got cut aye. You, don’t be doin’ borin’ shit. Aren’tcha jus’ hidin’ behind a woman. Ya’re a disgrace for a young fish, you.”
“ーーーー”
In front of Subaru, who had been rendered speechless, the collapsed Reid swung and stationed both of his feet and vigorously stood up. Reid lightly patted and swept his back, and swung his arms in circles from his shoulders whilst gripping onto the chopsticks.
His attitude which felt as if he hadn’t taken any of the damage Ram had inflicted on him, though that alone made his body shudder, what made Subaru uneasy were his words immediately afterwards.
ーーReid said, that it got cut. Just, what was he referring to.
Reid: “Playin’ ’round like that’ll always be borin’. First of all, somethin’ like feelin’ no pain or ache even when the guts’re all torn up, are ya makin’ fun of me, you.”
Subaru: “Wo, ah……”
Reid: “If ya say ya wanna do it with perfection, then ya gotta stand what ya receive too. But, this one’s done for. You, this one’s done for, ya know. You, can’t ya see. This woman, was gonna die even before it got cut.”
Intimidated by Reid’s low pitched words, Subaru turned his line of sight towards Ram, who was in Julius’ arms. Receiving that gaze, Julius lightly pulled in his chin.
Julius: “His words are correct. Miss Ram’s wounds are no trivial matter. Even now, she is on the verge of death.”
Subaru: “ーー~hk.”
Julius: “The reason why the bleeding is not stopping, is perhaps because of the usage of a chemical which hinders the clotting of blood. Other than that must be the recoil of her pushing herself which is present on her body.”
Each and every word of Julius’ analysis attempted to carve a painful fissure onto Subaru’s chest.
He, failed. ーーSubaru’s『Cor Leonis』overlapped with his complacent failure.
“ーーーー”
Taking over Ram’s inferior physical form, he had created a circumstance under which she could fight.
Though that was not a mistaken judgement, he ignored the injuries she had takenーー no, having Rem herself ignore those is what had been a mistake.
If Subaru was to take over the pain and anguish of injuries, she would not be able to be conscious of the wounds’ seriousness. If Ram were to conduct herself in a way suggesting she was unharmed, Emilia would not come to notice anything either.
Julius: “A magic similar to『Nect』of sharing sensations, a bit different from that, or perhaps something entirely unlike. Something much more different, had been put to use. And, you said that you had cut it.”
Reid: “I’m good at cuttin’ invisible stuff, ya see. Well, the trick’s intuition. With that, a bit of time got used up. Took a pretty grand hit.”
Reid exaggerated the reason he had bathed in Ram’s storm-like fists. However, returning to the original topic, the truth was that he could more or less not feel any of the damage he had taken.
The trick behind that too, was pronounced from Julius’ mouth. Whilst keeping Ram in his embrace, Julius gently turned his gaze backwardsーー facing the aisle which had been fissured by the close combat.
Julius: “You let all of Miss Ram’s attacks escape onto the floor with the bottom of your feet, huh.”
Reid: “It’s a technique which a woman friend of mine, Trisha used to be good at, ya see.”
Reid laughed with a “Kaha” as he firmly stomped on the aisle.
Hearing the conversation of the two, Subaru, whilst continuing to shiver, glanced at the crevices of the aisle. The endless wounds born onto the aisle were the proof of Reid having directed Ram’s attacks onto the aisle.
It was perhaps some technique to direct the impact of blows towards someplace else. ーーIt could be said that it was the culmination of martial arts.
Subaru: “……Ah.”
The truth is, when Ram’s initial blow had struck, Subaru too had witnessed the aisle tremendously fissure with his own eyes. That also applied to all subsequent consecutive strikes.
Both this and that, everything wasーー,
Subaru: “To slash down the connection between me, and Ram……? In the first place, how did that even……”
Reid: “I jus’ said. I slash down what I wanna slash down, live where I wanna live, and sleep with women I wanna sleep with. ーーI slashed down that borin’ game, all while hummin’.”
Leading a carefree life, was Reid.
Cutting things which could not be seen. Otherwise, cutting connections which do not physically exist. Was the capability of doing so, the true ability of the existence named the『Sword Saint』.
Emilia: “But, when I struck you from above with a lot of strength, you had been in pain……!”
Reid: “Back then the situation was different ya know, fiercely frizzlin’. Right now I’m here to enjoy the fightin’ more than the『Trial』. If it’s a fight then ya gotta be more serious than the『Trial』, ya know. Do ya disagree, you.”
Slashing and repelling away Emilia’s response, Reid snorted his nose and prepared his chopsticks. Adjusting the stance of his chopsticks as if he was ordinarily commencing a meal, and pointing their ends towards Julius, Reid’s blue eyes gleamed with a blaze.
Reid: “That’s how it is. Ya got what I’m sayin’, aye, you. You. Hey you.”
Julius: “ーーTo settle this, with the sword. That is your intention, correct?”
Reid: “Yeah, that’s right. Let me tell ya, I’ll allow any damn thin’ aside from swords too, ya know? Whether ya wanna throw magic at me or clash with me, it ain’t any problem. If you wanna win against me……”
Quite boldly, Reid gestured with a finger touching his chest, and pointed towards his heart.
In other words, that was the only way to bring an end to his life, that is what his expression indicated.
That was the evidence that Subaru’s card of waging war had been correctーー,
Julius: “Why, must you be fixated over myself?”
Reid: “A~h? I’m bein’ fixated over you? Gimme a break. Bastards of jus’ mere words with nice faces’re the race I hate the most, ain’t that so. On top of that, why’d I gotta be fixated?”
Julius: “Then……”
Reid: “ーーYou’re the one who’d have a reason to be fixated over me. If I draw back from here, do ya really think that’d be fine?”
“ーーーー”
Reid’s response to Julius’ question could not be described as one that was clear.
He himself, belonged to a race of those types who did deem worth in conveying all things as words. Furthermore, a large part of his response had been occupied by something similar to sensation, it was difficult to comprehend.
However, for those who did understand that, merely had the answer which was limited to that wasーー,
Reid: “ーーTch. A troublesome one ended up comin’ here.”
Before that answer could be chewed, what preceded was Reid clicking his tongue in discontent.
And, the cause behind the click of his tongue, revealed its figure from the interior of the aisle Subaru and the others had crossed throughーー no, in the form of a corona, it pounced upon them.
Emilia: “Subaru!”
Immediately before the corona could evaporate away Subaru, Emilia’s ice sword separated and distanced away the two from each other. As a note of shattering of ice echoed, the repelled light stabbed through the aisle. ーーAn extremely long tail stinger, disappeared as if having frayed.
That was namely, the baptism by the guardian of the『Sage’s』watchtowerーー,
Subaru: “ーーShaula.”
“ーーーー”
Red compound eyes emerged from the interior of the aisle, possessing multiple legs, the titanic scorpion revealed its form. Jet black shell and fiendishly large pincers, its figure was both ominous and healthy.
However, the form of Ley, who had been left behind to battle that titanic scorpion, was nowhere around it. Although the titanic scorpion had no traces of blood on itself, if he had faced defeat at the hands of the titanic scorpion and had fallen then it was all good, but,
Subaru: “Reid and Shaula, at the same time……”
Beatrice: “S-Subaru……”
Caught between the two formidable enemies, in the midst of the situation where they could not take any inadvertent action, Beatrice called out to Subaru with a trembling voice.
Looking back towards that Beatrice, he noticed her pale expression. Beatrice’s expression was painted with fear, and he tightly hugged it with his chest.
Somehow or the other, he searched for words in an attempt to clear away the unrest in her heart,
Subaru: “Beatrice, it’s alright. At any rate, we haven’t managed to find a plan yet, but it’s alright. Recovery is still……”
Beatrice: “That’s not it, I suppose, that’s not it, in fact! ーーIt’s coming, I suppose!”
Subaru: “It’s coming?”
As he heard Beatrice’s concerns, who had widened her eyes and changed her expression, he glanced at the titanic scorpion once again.
Reid was here, and Shaula was on the other side, this was the very meaning of threat. In a situation where such terrifying ones had gathered, what was going to come nowーー,
Subaru: “It can’t be.”
Reid: “I jus’ said, didn’t I. That a troublesome one ended up comin’ here.”
The thought which had passed by Subaru’s mind, as if affirming it, Reid pronounced.
That tone of speaking was serious, as if it were having trouble digesting this situation.
ーーThe subsequent instant, an impact reached their feet in the form of a parlous earthquake, jolting Pleiades Watchtower.
“ーーーー”
Without exaggerating, when Subaru felt the impact reach his body, heaven and earth got overturned for him.
Subaru was blown off without even the use of a technique. ーーIn the field of vision of that Subaru, the residents of the fantasy world were each displaying astonishing movements respectively.
Midair, Emilia kicked the foothold she had created with ice and repelled away the consecutively fired tail stringers by the titanic scorpion seemingly advancing towards her comradesーー no, towards Subaru.
In the world which was tilting diagonally, Julius seemingly dashed on the wall and closed in on Reid, and commenced with an elite sword slash with his knight sword.
And, Beatrice jumped towards Subaru, who had tightly held onto Ram and kept her close to himself,
Beatrice: “ーーMurak!”
The moment she chanted that, Subaru felt himself envelope within the feeling of suspension, different from that of the impact. Released from the force of gravity, the feeling as if he had been thrown into a world without gravity.
The effect was not as little as simply having restored heaven and earth for him.
Each one respectively, was acting at their very best with whatever each one of them respectively could doーー,
Subaru: “ーーAh.”
As if sneering at those very best of actions, multitudinous volumes of the jet black shadow swallowed the tower in its entirety.
“ーーーー”
Dreadful pressure echoed, and the watchtower, which boasted strength enough to make it difficult to believe that it was mere stone, got completely crushed. That was the tyranny of the shadow, which was not originally supposed to possess mass.
The arrival of the impact, which could no longer be named as a single destructive happening but rather was closer to a natural disaster, easily swallowed, chewed even those who possessed extraordinary abilities enough to be called superhumans in this world.
Going up against the titanic scorpion, making free use of magic and her physical abilities and putting up a brave fight, Emilia, as well.
Swinging the knight sword, and charging towards the legend who was entertained by his self, Julius, as well.
Protecting Subaru, and using magic with her small body, Beatrice, as well.
In the juncture where they twinkled aglow, the stretching shadow entwined and they turned invisible.
“ーーーー”
Without sound, without reverberation, the forms of Emilia and the others vanished.
What name should be given to what had occurred to their bodies in the matter of an instant, Subaru was unable to find any pertinent words within himself.
Merely, there existed something he could clearly say.
“ーーI have failed.”
『ーーI love you.』
At the same time, he accepted reality, and was whispered words of dusky love.
Whilst being whispered into his ears, or otherwise, whilst kissing him, or otherwise, whilst embracing his entire body, or otherwise, whilst caressing his soul, frighteningly direct, words with the soul of love.
He immediately understood. The greatest problem amongst the five obstacles.
The shadow which swallowed everything had arrived, whether it was possible to deal with it at all, even that notion alone was questionable.
“ーーーー”
This was his third time seeing that shadow, and each time he encountered it, Subaru’s life had been lost.
This time was no exception, now that the shadow had arrived and reached throughーー,
Reid: “ーーYou, the hell ya doin’ thinkin’ ’bout sleepin’, hey.”
At that moment, the jet black shadow which enclosed Subaru, was mowed down by a flash that had been swung.
Subaru: “ーーYou’ve got to be joking.”
Reid: “Widen yer eyes n’ see. What’s the joke, you. You, do ya have yer eyes open. Open yer eyes n’ take a good look, you. What’s the joke ’bout me.”
Saying that whilst casually swinging the knight sword, and having slashed away the shadow was Reid. He wielded in his hands, not chopsticks, but a knight swordーー which belonged to Julius, and exhaled through his nose.
It was truly ironic that the sword which had lost its owner, was displaying more ability in the hands of the『Sword Saint』than its owner, but there was no time present to be having such thoughts.
That was because Subaru, who had been standing upright, had his torso kicked by Reid.
Subaru: “Ghu, egh.”
Inside the narrow aisle, his suspended body was unable to hit even the ceiling or the walls.
The structure of the watchtower had already been destroyed, and he no longer was able to determine where the ceiling was or where the walls were. What was present in Subaru’s environs was the endlessly black sky, endlessly black sole, endlessly black world.
Anything and everything, became incomprehensible. ーーNo, there was slightly moving heat, within his arms.
Ram: “ーーUgh.”
The warm body of the unconscious, fainted Ram asserted her existence.
Subaru: “ーー~hk.”
Directing strength in his molars, biting and tearing into his own lips, he directed life into himself.
At this moment, when anything and everything was being painted black, by giving up on comprehending the situation, wasn’t Subaru simply entrusting his body to the end.
In front of this life trying its best to live at this moment, that was unforgivable.
Subaru: “ーーStill, something.”
Though the situation was in this state, there yet must be something he could attain.
Till now, Subaru had been swallowed by this jet black evil influence and had lost his life twice. However, those two occasions had been abrupt, and he must have had no time left to do this.
What he had attained through this, was Ram who was asserting her fragile life, andーー,
Reid: “ーーHah.”
The kick he had received by Reid, who was within the same shadow as Subaru, wearing a ferocious smile.
Of course, he was not grateful for that.
It hurt as if the pit of his stomach had been gouged out, and in the first place, the reason why they had lacked time till the shadow swallowed the watchtower was because of Reid’s unnecessary interruption.
That’s whyーー,
Subaru: “You will, get crushed too. ーーBy the『Greatest Knight』, I know of.”
Reid: “That’s, you, keep actin’ cool as how you’re till the very end, young fish.”
Looking downward, Reid set his aim on Subaru with a backhand grip to the knight sword. There was distance between them, but from Reid’s perspective, distance of a few metres must be as good as nonexistent.
And, below Reid, who had established Subaru as his enemy, the vivacious jet black shadow yet continued advancing closer. Something like that wasn’t even deemed to be anything by Reid’s sword spirit.
Though he was unaware of it, at this moment, Subaru may just be witnessing it.
A long time ago, said to have happened four hundred years ago, the legendary acts of the『Witch』and the『Sword Saint』.
However, something like that was meagre as the absurd destruction and violence, namely『Death』drew close to Subaruーー.
Subaru: “At least”
Even if just a second longer, I want you to stay alive.
Enshrouded by that wish, Subaru tightly embraced Ram’s body, in his arms.
The next moment, a torrent of light, unbelievably stemming from a sword, swallowed Subaruーー,

※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
“ーーーー”
Clouds of sand, were rising up to extremely high skies which they were never supposed to reach.
Pleiades Watchtower’s balcony, several metres above ground, underneath where present were the advancing hordes of Witch Beasts, commencing with their attack to bring down the watchtower.
Holding them back, with her own ability to control Witch Beasts was Meili, making strenuous efforts.
Julius was above, heading for Reid on the second layer.
And, Subaru and the others must make haste and dash to Emilia and the others, who must be clashing with Ley Batenkaitosーー,
???: “Master-sama? Are you alright?”
In accordance with Subaru’s summons, she tilted her neck, with her long, black braid swaying about.
As she pronounced that question, in her expression, in her eyes, sentiments such as those of impatience or irritation could not be felt. Of course, no light of cunningness planning to deceive them could be perceived either.
Whether that was her camouflage or her true intents, there was no definite answer to that, howeverーー,
???: “Master-sama, are you listening? People other than master-sama or me seem to have gotten involved in troublesome stuff but…… is there something I can do for Master-sama?”
Subaru: “Ah, is that so…… Something you can do for me, huh.”
???: “Yup. If it’s Master-sama’s request, then into fire, into water, even into large explosions, I can energetically FLYWAY into ’em!”
Energetically, possessing no malice, the personality with her arms stretched wide whilst saying that, Shaula.
Staring at that carefree smile, Subaru turned back and inhaled.
He made his return. To this moment, he was made to return.
There were no changes in what he was supposed to do. There existed people he must save, people he must defeat.
That is why, without losing his way, in order to settle what all he was supposed to do, Subaru undertook a necessary ceremony.
That wasーー,
Subaru: “Shaula, will you listen to anything I tell you to do?”
Shaula: “Course of of! If it’s Master-sama’s request then I’ll listen to anything! If it’s master-sama’s demand then I’ll even listen to something which may be a bit extreme. Ah, ah, ah, could it be Master-sama, finally reached the limit of holding back in front of my DYNAMITE BODY? That’s why you kept away all others and it’s just the two of us now? Ah, you you you! Geez Master-samaーー”
Subaru: “ーーShaula.”
Twisting and turning, with her cheeks sandwiched in her hands, Shaula blushed at Subaru’s words.
However, Subaru did not pay heed to such words of hers, and stared at her face with a serious face.
Andーー,
Subaru: “ーーIf I tell you to die, will you die?”


Chapter 71
ーーWithin the collapsing tower, basking in Reid’s decapitating slash, Natsuki Subaru’s life had burned out.

Quite literally, burning out had accurately been his moment of death.
There were various things which he was pained by and which he needed to confirm, such as the way to cope with the mass of the shadow drawing near, or what he intended to do afterwards, and above all, somehow or other confirming a scaffold within the crumbling tower, and all those of his efforts had gotten abandoned.

What alone was confirmed was that Reid’s final flash had swallowed Subaru, and vaporized him away.
Perhaps, it had not hurt, is what he thought.
Of course, he did not believe it had been Reid’s benevolence at all, but pain and fear not accompanying the moment of 『Death』 was an unexpected occurrence for Subaru, who had died several times within a short frame of time.

Yes, neither had he felt pain nor fear. ーーMerely 『Rage』 was what he held.

Subaru: “ーーI will”

For just how many times continue to pile up meaningless deaths, is what he thought.
Things he had taken with him, hints that would break him out of the deadlock, as long as those were present, Subaru’s 『Deaths』 would not be meaningless, and the 『Deaths』 he was continuing to pile up would not be put to waste.

That was, terrible deceit.

That was, merely an excuse to turn his eyes away from his own powerlessness.
He had died meaninglessly, powerlessly, without will, without heart, aimlessly, and he did not want to think that, that was all there was to it. That is why, for not having merely died, he desired meaning in his 『Death』.

If only he could have had been more strong.
If only, he could have had been more smart.
If only, instead of his current self, he could have had been stronger, smarter, bolder.

Subaru: “But……”

The only one here was merely the weak, stupid, pathetic Natsuki Subaru.
Because nobody, ever, tried to leave that Subaru alone.
That was, because they were supporting his current self’s wound-filled resolution.

Subaru: “That is why, I amーー”

That is why, Natsuki Subaru isーー.



※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※


Subaru: “ーーIf I tell you to die, will you die?”

The moment he declared that, it was not as if he felt no hesitation.

That was because he had been unable to anticipate what kind of a reaction his opponent would give him the moment she received that question. ーーNo, if it was merely anticipation, then he had done so.
With various patterns of imagination, he had thought of what it eventually would be.
If so, then the faltering he had embraced while declaring that question, for what reason did he possess that indecision.
At any rateーー,

Shaula: “ーー? If Master-sama told me to die then I’ll die, you know?”

He felt his chest ache upon Shaula’s indifferent response, who had a finger touching her cheek.
As if he was being stabbed, to the point it would form cracks, painfully, he let out a shriek within the core of his chest.

“ーーーー”

Oozily, upon the painful optical illusion, Subaru gripped to the pit of his stomach and deeply exhaled.
Though he himself had voiced out those wounding words just now, he thought himself comical for feeling hurt. Looking at that Subaru’s state, Shaula rounded her eyes in curiosity.

With no ill intent, Shaula’s attitude seemed as if she had been asked about the menu for today’s evening meal and she had merely responded appropriately.
That reaction of hers, was the second worst in the patterns he had predicted.
With no pretence, selecting the option of accepting the instruction for her to abandon her life was Shaula.
That was no lie or humour, that was her real intention with no second thoughts, he was able to understand that by a single glance into her straightforward eyes.

Subsequently having caught a glimpse into her dark self-interests or plans might have had saved Subaru’s heart.
However, the reality was that Subaru had not prepared for such an escape route. Whether that was compassion or mercilessness, at this stage he would not be able to even differentiate between the two, butーー,

Subaru: “……Is that, so.”

Shaula: “Does Master-sama, want me to die? Hmm, if it’s Master-sama’s request then I’ll listen to anything, and I’m perfectly fine with it personally, but again, isn’t it quite a weird timing for such a thought? Right now, it’s a total fiasco inside the tower……”

Subaru: “I know. I know.”

Hearing Subaru’s husky reply, Shaula tilted her neck while having her finger remain on her cheek. Going along with that movement of her neck, her long braidーー scorpion tail swayed about.
Scorpion tail. If considered, that was quite an ironic naming as well.

Similar to 『Shaula』 which bestowed meaning upon the Scorpius, her name was expressed even upon her body. That was made apparent not merely through her name, but through various other aspects of hers as well.
That was surely because she had no intentions of concealing it.
That is whyーー,

Subaru: “ーーShaula, you, aren’t you capable of taking the form of a large scorpion?”

Lacking any sluggish phraseology, Subaru frankly cut into the opponent’s secret.

The five obstacles that attack the Pleiades Watchtowerーー one of those, the existence of the jet black titanic scorpion. Subaru had been halfway convinced that it had been Shaula.
However, for Subaru, that answer he had sensed was merely his interpretation of the feeling he got from the powerful Authority of unidentified nature, 『Cor Leonis』.

If he were to try and gain confirmation for that answer he had sensed, enquiring the opponent directly about it would be the fastest.
Of course, if he had time to then he may have chosen a different option as well, and if he had been unable to trust his opponent’s response, then he might have been obligated to employ a different method.
However, Shaula kept her neck tilted at that inquiry of Subaru’s,

Shaula: “Take the form of, the nuance is a bit different from that, but yup I can~. Ah, but, it damages my PRETTINESS so I don’t really like it too much. I just think that the design given to me by mother-sama and Master-sama is the best.”

In spite of the question being one lacking any chain of logic, Shaula readily answered with no hesitation yet again.

“ーーーー”

She possessed no intentions of hiding anything.
And the nature of Shaula herself, it could be said that it had been established with this proof. At the same time, the titanic scorpion which made its appearance in the towerーー its true identity had been her, he had gained that confirmation now.
The effect of 『Cor Leonis』, the moment he perceived the positions of his comrades within the tower, the reason why the titanic scorpion had been indicated in that perception, that had indeed been the trick instigating it.

Shaula: “Master-sama? Are you okay? Your face has a pretty bad colour, you know? Would you like to REFRESH yourself with my lap pillow, arm pillow, chest pillow, hug pillow or something like that?”

Subaru: “……Don’t say things which dampen my spirits. First of all, we don’t have such time, you yourself said that, didn’t you.”

Shaula: “It’s true that it’s a fiasco inside the tower, but for me, Master-sama is on the top of my priority list, everything else can be kept for later. That’s why, if Master-sama slips into confusion and says he wants to be locked in a grapple with me, I’d welcome it super openly. I’m getting fired up.”

Subaru: “Don’t get fired up. Get some water.”

Shaula: “Just as always, geez Master-sama~.”

Sharpening her lips, Shaula made a pouting face.
His back and forth with her, along with her expression, if only these were to be taken into consideration, it could be misunderstood that the situation that had come up around Subaru and the others was seemingly one of peace.

“ーーーー”

However, reality was not kind to Subaru and the others at all. It was the farthest thing from peace.
Whilst Subaru and Shaula leisurely conversed like this, Emilia and Ram were making efforts in order to hold off 『Gluttony』, and Beatrice had joined in with them for support. Julius was colliding with Reid = Roy on the second layer, Echidna had grouped with Patrasche, and must be evacuating to 『Taygeta』 along with Rem. And, Meili was holding off the hordes of Witch Beastsーー the very best they could do to strike the five obstacles.

However, even that was merely deceit for the sake of conversing with Shaula.
Because, in these surroundings, Natsuki Subaru wasーー,

Shaula: “M-Master-sama? Are you seriously alright? If you stare at me with such imposing eyes, I won’t be able to hold back this four hundred year old wait I have experienced, you know……?”

At Subaru’s gaze staring at her self, Shaula hugged her slender figure with her arms. It seemed to be the usual feign, but that was not it.
She truly was in a situation where she was feeling uneasiness by Subaru’s attitude. It was unlike herーー no, that’s wrong. Perhaps these were her true feelings.

She had not felt shaken even when Subaru had told her to die, but when Subaru acted abnormally, her fragile heart had shaken up, almost astonishingly. ーーAkin to, a baby bird innocently yearning for its parents.

“ーーーー”

When he had fired his first question at Shaula, Subaru had thought of several possibilities.
Amongst those, the worst one was that the instant she would get struck by those heartless words from Subaru, she might murder him impulsively at the very same pace. ーーIn the case that Shaula’s attitude till now had been mere acting, and anything and everything had been fabricated.

It was not impossible.
Though he had possessed no confirmation before that question, she had a track record of having changed into the form of the titanic scorpion and murdering Subaru, Echidna and Beatrice. Otherwise, in the tragedy where Subaru had been unable to find a single person alive in his surroundings, it was highly possible that she had a hand in that after turning into the titanic scorpion.

That is why, the first question, for Subaru as well, had been a gamble.
Once he said that, the instant immediately afterwards Shaula had gulped down that question, it would not have been strange if Subaru’s head had been sent evaporating, it had been that kind of a gambleーー he could now say that he had won that gamble.

However, merely once is never an end to gambling.
The debt Subaru had unconsciously piled up, the stakes prepared by 『Gluttony』 and the Pleiades Watchtower, in order to regain whatever he had lost till now, piling up such little victories would be far too lacking.

For a huge victory, it is a necessity to make a huge gamble. Henceforthーー,

Subaru: “Shaula, sorry for having so many questions, but I want to ask something. From what I’ve heard, there are supposed to be some rules for the 『Trials』 of this Pleiades Watchtower, is that so?”

Shaula: “You ask that now at this timing when I’m getting all hot!? ……Well, yes there are? I had talked about it before Master-sama crashed his head into the urinal too, though……”

Subaru: “Tell me, about them.”

Without hiding her sulking attitude, Shaula gently positioned her fingers opposite to her chest. And, she immediately swayed about her positioned fingers, whispering “Umm”.

Shaula: “First, it is forbidden to leave without completing the 『Trials』. Second, it is forbidden to violate the rules of the 『Trials』. Third, it is forbidden to disrespect the libraries. Fourth, it is forbidden to do anything which causes destruction to the tower itself. ーーYeah.”

Whilst keeping her fingers folded, Shaula explained with an awfully fluent tone.
Of course, she was a girl proficient in speaking if she were to limit her thoughtless comments, and nothing felt odd in her explanation, which was lacking any pauses. Though nothing felt odd, there was a catch to it.

That went for the serious tone of her voice which was unlike her, at but the end of her gesture of counting with fingers, she had touched her final finger and then stopped there, that too.

Subaru: “ーーThe fifth one?”

Shaula: “……That’s not there. Master-sama, didn’t you hear me? I must have said up to four. Master-sama, can’t you even count numbers now? That won’t do~. Numbers aren’t my strong point either, but even I can count that much……”

Subaru: “Shaula.”

“ーーーー”

Staring, Subaru raised his voice and took a single step, shortening the distance between him and Shaula.
Those two had been facing each other head-on beforehand, but the distance between them now was enough that one could extend his hand and grasp onto the other one. ーーEven that action was a gamble for Subaru.
Of course, just because he had opened up the distance between them being only of a single arm, just because he had shortened the distance between them to that of only a single arm, the war potential of having the capability of doing something which belonged to both of them was nothing so superficial.

Shaula: “Master-sama…… could it be, you’re toying with my heart? Not my will, but Master-sama getting closer on his will, if you want me to open my mouth, then, it’s that. At the same pace and with the same energy, hug me and melt me……”

Subaru: “If your mouth really will open by that, then I’ll do it. That can even be said to be a side benefit…… But, if what you believe is my purpose based on your intuition isn’t actually my purpose, then that won’t be the case, I think.”

“ーーーー”

Subaru: “Shaula, I shall ask again. What is, the fifth rule of the tower?”

While accepting Shaula’s mild refusal, Subaru asked for the second time.
That was an action not inching closer to her physically, but instead stepping onto her heart. Those repeated words, although perhaps bitter, were something she could not make it seem as if she did not hear them.
Embracing that resolution, in front of Subaru who had clenched his fists, Shaula slightly exhaled, and,

Shaula: “ーーNG.”

Subaru: “……NG?”

Rotating her neck right and left, Shaula crossed her arms in front of her voluptuous chest, making a symbol of her discomfort.
Though her behaviour was childish, her eyes were far beyond seriousness.

“ーーーー”

Intently staring at Subaru, who was standing at a precarious spot, Shaula’s eyes had been filled with heavy emotions.
Those quiet, yet boundlessly deep, heavy emotions, which should be named as an appeal, were brittle and ephemeral.
With unwillingness, she once again rotated her neck right and left,

Shaula: “NG. No, I don’t wanna talk about it. The fifth rule? Does something like that, even matter. In my and Master-sama’s honeymoon, it has nothing to……”

Subaru: “As if it has nothing to do. I am, and everyone is challenging the 『Trials』 of this tower. I can’t be as optimistic as to think it’ll all be fine without even knowing the 『Trials’』 rules. That’s why, Shaula.”

Shaula: “……I’d rather not.”

Subaru: “Shaula!”

Like a disobedient child, Shaula covered her ears and averted her eyes. At that attitude of Shaula’s, Subaru declared with a strong tone.

Subaru: “You must be having your own duties in this tower. The tower’s Star-Keeper……? You must have been doing that all this time, right. I don’t know if it’s true or not, but for four hundred years! Thenーー”

Shaula: “ーーIt’s been, four days.”

Subaru: “……Ah?”

The spilled voice, as if a whisper, shortly halted Subaru’s thoughts.
The years Subaru was questioning, and the time frame too short to even be comparable. Surely, her statements had been lies, and the time Shaula had spent in the tower had always been shortーー something like that was not possible.

While retaining possession of the heavy emotions in her eyes, Shaula, with her lips shivering, continued.

Shaula: “It’s been only four days, since Master-sama has come to the tower. Within those, as Master-sama was in bed for two days, that makes only two days since Master-sama and I have met with each other, spoken to each other, have been side-by-side with each other…… even though I’ve waited for even four hundred years! It’s been only two days……”

Subaru: “Shaula……”

Shaula: “I thought just a single moment, a single glimpse, would be fine.”

Covering her eyes, Shaula immediately ceased to have her gaze slumped downwards. Seemingly, as if she were saying she regretted to have Subaru out of her field of vision for even a single moment. ーーNo, upon considering, that was indeed the case.
As far back as Subaru could recall, Shaula had been in the same space, at the same time with Subaru, always watching Subaru. That was not for a shallow purpose like keeping Subaru under surveillance with minimal effort, but certainlyーー.

Shaula: “Four hundred years, I waited for Master-sama in the tower. I thought, I would be satisfied with a single glimpse. ーーBut, that wasn’t the truth.”

“ーーーー”

Shaula: “I mean, Master-sama is my everything, after all. Master-sama’s everything, and all of my feelings for Master-sama, are what make me. The four hundred years it took, I can’t convey them to Master-sama. All of it, in just two days…… I can’t, come to terms with that.”

Subaru: “……That’s why, you won’t tell me the fifth rule?”

Acute emotions enfolded the entirety of Shaula’s body, and moulded the existence known as her.
Four hundred yearsーー the weight of those words he had perceived through mere appearance of words, finally became an actual time frame for Subaru, and he stood at a disposition where he could feel that.

After all, her attitude had been too casual to speak of four hundred years.
He thought that perhaps there existed no instrument in her to embrace feelings such as hardship, sadness.
Perhaps she was inhuman like that scorpion, down to her very heart, down to her very soul.

Shaula: “I don’t wanna talk about the rules. NG. After all, if I talk about that……”

“ーーーー”

Shaula: “If I talk about that, Master-sama will notice the way to clear the 『Trials』. That’s why, if I talk about that, if I end up talking about that…… my time with Master-sama will end.”

Poignantly, Shaula hugged her body, and expressed her own true feelings to Subaru.
As if vomiting bloodーー no, as if restraining herself from crying, that tone of her voice stabbed through Subaru’s heart.

It was a reply, he had not anticipated.
Just as his initial question, Subaru had thought of some patterns regarding the answer to this question.
The true motives behind Shaula hiding the rules of Pleiades Watchtowerーー if she had colluded with the person who created the rules of this nasty tower, she had certain plans as well, is what he thought.
Otherwise, unrelated to such dark plans, the reason why she had not spoken about the rules was on a simple whim or had slipped out of her mind, and that may not hold any significance, he had thought that as well.

But, neither was the truth.
Shaula did have a reason as to why she did not want to speak of the tower’s rules. And that reason, was unrelated to the ideas of the 『Sage』 or whoever who created the tower, but rather, an earnest wish.

ーーFour hundred years, having lived that time in solitude, and had continued to await the reunion with the person she was waiting for, was Shaula.

That had come true, she had gained happiness, and that is why, she wished for that time to last longer, even slightly.
If it was for the sake of fulfilling that modest desireーー,

Shaula: “Master-sama, will you hate me, who lied to you?”

“ーーーー”

Shaula: “Hating me, not even wanting to see my face…… will you be like that?”

For what reason, was she making a face much more pained than when told something like “Will you die”.
For what reason, did she view being hated by him to be more crucial than losing her life.

ーーFor what reason, did she think of everything like a goal, despite waiting for four hundred years.

Subaru: “……I won’t, hate you or anything.”

“ーーーー”

Subaru: “Because you kept quiet, I do think I probably had to face really hard situations, and sometimes I honestly thought I’d never been cornered this badly.”

Facing the silent Shaula, Subaru spoke his mind.
There were no lies here. Those were his true feelings. Because Shaula hid information as per her true intentions, Subaru had been unable to make crucial investigations and had to repeatedly face mercilessly cruel deaths.
Not just Subaru. Aside from Subaru, Emilia and Beatrice had to, as well.

He could never forget the despair, discontentment, and hopelessness he felt during those moments.
That is why, if there were to be an existence who were the originator of all of that evil, Subaru would certainly never be able to forgive them, is what he believed.
Then, at this instant, in front of Shaula like this, was he going to do the same.

Subaru: “ーーNo.”

He did not think of Shaula, she, who had lived four hundred years in solitude, she, who had fulfilled the meaning of her being born in mere two days and was satisfied such that she gained happiness, to be the originator of that evil.
If there were to be an originator of that evil, it would be the unfairness of this world itself, and the one who created the circumstances where it was impossible to do anything about that, the “Master-sama” who commanded Shaula for four hundred yearsーー.

Shaula: “ーーAh.”

Suddenly, a hoarse exhale leaked out of Shaula’s lips.

Subaru: “Shaula?”

Shaula: “Ah, ah…… a~h, ah……”

Feeling abnormality in Shaula’s condition in front of his eyes, Subaru called out her name. However, Shaula, without responding to Subaru’s call, concealed her face with her palms.
A painfully trembling voice, unbefitting her, could be heard from that throat.

Shaula: “No, good…… no good…… Master-sama! Master-samaMaster-samaMaster-samaMaster-sama……!”

Subaru: “Shaula!? Shaula, what happened!? So suddenly……”

Shaula: “ーーSomebody, violated the rules.”

“ーーーー”

Rushing over, as Subaru jolted her white shoulders, his arms got grasped instead. And, while painfully gripping to Subaru’s arms with her slender ones, Shaula spoke.
Gazing intently into Shaula’s eyes, who had said that, Subaru inhaled.

ーーA queer change was occuring in the dark pupils and irises of Shaula’s eyes.

Within her spherical eyes, the dark pupil and iris of her eyeball split into three, turning red and pulsating. The transfiguration which occurred in the right and left eyeballs alongside, it meant that her dark pupils and irises split into six.

ーーSix compound eyes, three on the left, three on the right.

Shaula: “Master-sama……! Right now, I can still make it……”

Subaru: “Make it?”

Shaula: “Right now, if Master-sama commands me, then I can…… I can, still kill myself.”

With her eyeballs pulsating red, white steam started to arise from the entirety of Shaula’s body. Her white skin got engulfed with a tint of red, and even Subaru, who was standing right next to her, could feel the abnormal rise in body temperature.
The principle behind it was ambiguous. ーーJust that Shaula’s body was generating heat, and change was ensuing in it.
Perhaps, it was the initial phase of transforming into the form of the titanic scorpion.

Shaula: “If I transform, I won’t make it. I will become a KILLING MACHINE lacking any blood or tears, and kill Master-sama. I mean, I want Master-sama so much…… I want Master-sama so badly, so badly that I can’t bear it, that’s why.”

Subaru: “Before that happens”

Shaula: “Please tell me, to die…… If you do that, I will, for Master-sama”

Will come to an end before killing you, Shaula was unable to continue her words on to say that.
In place of words, her eyes, her shivering voice, her entire body and soul, were conveying the same.

“ーーーー”

An incomparable dread welled up in Subaru’s body as well. That was, surely the instinctive reaction of a human faced with otherworldly fear.
The 『Human』 known as Natsuki Subaru, was being frightened by the 『Monster』 known as Shaula, who was in front of him.
That is why, Subaru wasーー,

Subaru: “Shaula, tell me the fifth rule.”

Shaula: “Master-sama, this is not the time for……”

Subaru: “If you tell that to meーー!”

Subaru interrupted the words of the appealing Shaula with a loud voice. At that menacing glare, Shaula’s shoulders shivered. He grabbed those shivering shoulders. They were warm. Such that his palm could melt, Shaula’s body temperature had already risen to the level of a fire.
However, he did not let his hands go. Right now, he did not release her body, burning and scorching.

Subaru: “If you tell that to me, I’ll command you. ーーStay calm. Before you turn into a monster, I’ll command you.”

“ーーーー”

Hearing Subaru say that straightforwardly, Shaula widened her eyes.
She then called out to Subaru, saying “Master-sama”,

Shaula: “Master-sama, such a womanizer.”

Subaru: “I don’t remember being one……”

Shaula: “Then, Master-sama is a Shaula-izer. My favourite kind of -izer……”

Smiling weakly, Shaula softly overlapped the hands grasping her shoulders with her own hands.
Andーー,

Shaula: “ーーFifth, it is not forbidden to destroy the 『Trials』.”

“ーーーー”

Shaula: “Look, the colour of my eyes has changed. ーーAt my beloved, Master-sama.”

Saying that, Shaula thrusted away Subaru’s chest.
At that greater than expected might, Subaru was thrown back, unable to keep his grip onto her shoulders. When he looked towards the front while lightly coughing, Shaula, while hugging her own body, crouched downーー,

Shaula: “Ah, ah…… a~h, a~a~h…… ~hk!”

Red steam, like the colour of blood, ascended from the entirety of her body. The steam had changed its colour, it was a sign of danger. Shaula’s eyes lost its dark pupils and irises as well, and before one could notice, turned bright red.

Shaula: “Master-sama…… hurry. Before I, lose myself……”

“ーーーー”

Shaula: “Please tell me…… to die ~hk! If Master-sama says that, I will……”

With the same mouth which had argued being against Subaru and the others completing the 『Trials』 and leaving the tower, Shaula, using up her life, indicated the path where she could remain without killing Subaru and the othersーー no, Subaru.
Hearing that desperate voice of Shaula’s, Subaru inhaled.
And then,

Subaru: “Shaula.”

Shaula: “Master-sama……”

Subaru: “ーーMy bad. What I said just now was a lie.”

Shaula: “Eh?”

At Subaru’s informing words, Shaula rounded her eyes. Watching Shaula’s reaction for himself, Subaru halted his breath, and at the same pace, leapt backwards.
Having been pushed away by Shaula had been a blessing for him amidst all this misfortune. ーーHad Shaula kept his wrists grabbed, he would have never been able to perform this act.

ーーSubaru’s body crossed over the narrow open-air verandah of the balcony, and was launched into the air.

Shaula: “Ahーー.”

Shaula’s instantaneous voice got engulfed in the vehement sand gusts and was rendered inaudible. At the same pace, Subaru’s body, without any support, fell non-stop for several hundreds of meters.

“ーーーー”

Falling down, he possessed no plans to save himself.
He had not prepared any plans to save himself. What Subaru had done was purely throw himself to death. He did not desire to do this at all, nor did he want to speak of it butーー this was his intention from the very beginning.

If these surroundings, these actions could be excused, he intended to surely do this.
That is because, Subaru could then trust his choice without any indecision.
After allーー,

Shaula: “Master-sama!!”

Similarly jumping out from the balcony herself as well, Shaula chased after Subaru.
Widening those eyes, desperately stretching out her hand, Shaula chased the falling Subaru, and leapt trying not to take away, but save that life with her own hands.

ーーThe true identity of the titanic scorpion, was Shaula.
ーーShaula purposefully, hid the rules of the tower.
ーーShaula had repeatedly killed Subaru or his comrades, and stood in the way as the fifth obstacle.

Butーー,

Subaru: “ーーI just, want to save you.”

“ーーーー”

He could never forget her form, she, who had endured her transformation against her own feelings, and had requested to be ordered to kill herself so that she does not kill Subaru, till the very end of the end.
Though it was quite a nasty thing to say, he wanted to confirm that.

Whom he should save, whom he should not save, whom he should defeat, whom he should protect, whom he should love.
Because Natsuki Subaru believed he could not advance further unless he confirmed that.

He will no longer perplex over, whom he should love.

Shaula: “Master-sama~a~a~a~a~a~a~a~a~a~a~a~!!”

Shaula’s form, while she stretched out her hand and tried pursuing Subaru, changed mid-air.
Her hand stretching out enlarged, and transformed into large pincers clad in a jet black shell. Her white skin was covered with a rough shell, without leaving any trace behind, and her flesh body expanded, as if bursting open from the interior.
For a single moment, the seemingly painful transformation as if bursting open her blood and flesh, reached conclusion as if a tape being reversed, and finally, the immense ominous incongruityーー the titanic scorpion, had achieved completion.

And, that titanic scorpion’s tail’s tip nimbly established its aim at Subaru.
Perhaps, tail stingers similar to that white lustre would be fired from there, and burn Subaru’s life to nothing in an instant. The mid-air Subaru lacked any technique to avoid that.
Howeverーー,

Subaru: “ーーI won’t let myself be killed by you, because Shaula would cry.”

“ーーーー”

The tail stinger was firedーー but before that, arrived the terminus of his fall.
The two of Subaru and the titanic scorpion came falling down above the hordes of Witch Beasts fiercely advancing onto the sand tower.

The existence known as Natsuki Subaru did not have the ability to endure the several hundred meters long fall.
Bursting open, his life was shed.
However, on the verge of his life being shed, he said a few final wordsーー,

Subaru: “ーーI will, definitely help you.”

ーーHe got the meagre time, to convey the message to the sandy gusts, incomprehensible to the titanic scorpion.


Chapter 72
ーーWith his final words washed away by the wind, Natsuki Subaru’s consciousness came to an end.
“ーーーー”
Speaking of irony, ironically enough, his『Death』this time had been a『Death』by his own volition.
Perhaps that is why his mind and heart had remained calm at the moment of『Death』ーー of course, that had not been the case, he had possessed uneasiness and nervousness for jumping into the circumstance of『Death』on his own accord.
However, unlike till now, he had faced the『Death』he had anticipated with much more sincerity than his other『Deaths』up to this time.
Of course, he did not believe that him choosing to die had truly saved Shaula.
She did not want to kill him, so she wanted him to command her to die.
Shaula, who had been concerned about Subaru to that extent, had let Subaru throw himself to his death right in front of her eyes. The weight of that impact he did not know and it must have immensely shattered her heart, which had continued awaiting for four hundred years.
That is why, this was nothing more than Subaru’s self-satisfaction. The worst kind of self-satisfaction of exaggerating and not seeing the result for himself with his own eyes.
Howeverーー,
Subaru: “ーーSo what.”
If all that is fastened to him was nothing but self-satisfaction, nothing but hypocrisy, what was wrong with that.
In the end, the method to catch and halt the impact of all happenings in this world could only be wielded in one’s own weighing scales. Unaccomplished good deeds hold no meaning, and the word known as hypocrisy doesn’t ultimately exist.
ーーAll of them, surviving.
After his discussion with Shaula, Subaru cemented the final objective he had touted.
ーーNo, to be precise, the survival of all of them had been his goal from the beginning. That judgement had merely decided whether to include Shaula in that or not, and Subaru chose to love all of them.
He shall lead the way to solve all of the catastrophes surrounding this sand tower.
For that purpose, he would do anything he could.
That isーー,
Subaru: “The meaning, behind why I am myself. ーーIsn’t that so, 『Natsuki Subaru』.”
Along with that instantaneous decision, he awakened from the deep, deep abyss of『Death』ーー.

  ※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
  ???: “ーーSubaru, are you certain of what you said earlier?”
Subaru: “Yeah, don’t be doubtful after coming this far. It’s the information I collected after meeting it face to face and everything. If it couldn’t be made the best use out of, I wouldn’t bring it up!”
Harshly replying to the sideward face of the good-looking man running at an average speed, Subaru dashed while pulling the tiny palm.
Running past the fourth layer’s aisle, they aimed for the second layer of『Electra』ーー loaded with frustration, as Subaru sprinted whilst pulling Beatrice’s hand, Julius’ yellow eyes glanced sideways at him.
Julius: “Subaru, your paleness has not gotten any better. So indeed, the happening in the book was……”
Subaru: “I’m not hiding how worried I am. Don’t even try telling me I should have quietly caved into the Green Room, you.”
Julius: “I would recommend you to stay calm here if it weren’t for this situation, but unfortunately things are quite bustling. Right now, we must use anything we can, even if they are mere grains of sand.”
Subaru: “You’ve got nothing to say so you’ll call me using grains of sand, eh……”
Julius: “They can be thrown if the wind is meagre enough. If possible, when in a position capable of reaching the opponent’s eyes.”
Narrowing his eyes at the elegant eloquency, Subaru thought of his words about being thrown into the wind to be ironic.
The truth is, in terms of experience Subaru’s『Death』just a few minutes ago had been one of being thrown into the wind. Julius comparing Subaru’s existence to grains of sand was not necessarily a mistake either.
Subaru: “But, grains of sand have their own qualities.”
Beatrice: “On top of that, those grains of sand have Betty with them, I suppose. In other words, they are grains of sand with the cutest companion, in fact.”
Subaru: “What, I guess you’re talking about the sand that got into your shoes.”
Beatrice: “That’s not what that means, I suppose!”
Smiling at Beatrice, who puffed her cheeks, Subaru pulled her body by directing strength into his arm. Beatrice let out a shriek saying “Wa~h ~hk” and her light frame tightly fit into Subaru’s chest.
Running while pulling her hand was something quite romantic, but right now he wanted to prioritize speed. Fortunately, Beatrice’s body was light like an angel’s feather so carrying her and running was an easy win as well.
Subaru: “Well, I haven’t ever carried an angel’s feather, though.”
Julius: “About time, idle talk ends here. ーーSubaru, I do believe it is annoying but”
Subaru: “Yeah, it’s annoying. Though I can’t come up with words telling you to relax even if I rip my mouth apart, but…… it is absolute that that guy Reid, and『Gluttony』will come in contact. We have to go, to hold that off.”
Halting his legs, Julius asked while gazing at the humongous stairway that led to the second layer which lay ahead of them. Interrupting that inquiry, Subaru affirmed that he possessed confidence in it.
It was inconceivable for that to be untrue. After all, this was something he had heard from Julius himself. And, if they could obstruct thisーー,
Subaru: “We can put out a safe, against Reid messing everything up.”
Julius: “……At any rate, it would be better if his trespassing can be avoided in this chaos. Even if it is just for confirming his movements, it is well worth it to make our way here.”
Positioning his legs ahead of the humongous stairway, Julius nodded at Subaru. Returning a nod to that Subaru, whilst keeping Beatrice in his grasp, stepped onto the final level of the stairway.
Andーー,
Subaru: “ーーGugh.”
Beatrice: “Subaru, your condition really is bad, in fact. The book’s effect is visible, I suppose.”
Beatrice looked at Subaru, who had shaken his head violently for a single moment and touched his cheek out of anxiety. Whilst gaining tranquility from the warmth of that small palm, Subaru shook his head, saying “I’m fine”.
Subaru: “Exhaustion from reading did not lower my wisdom. On top of that, it’s just as what I told Julius. This is no time to stay in bed. ーーThis is the time when everyone should put their strength together.”
Beatrice: “……When about to really reach the limit, absolutely tell Betty, in fact.”
Subaru: “……Yeah, I know.”
Responding to Beatrice, who was pressurising him based on her senses, Subaru took in a long, deep breath.
His body felt sluggish. His head felt heavy. His nausea was increasing without pause and he felt congestion in his blood vessels as if in place of blood, coal tar had been poured into them.
All of this, was the result of Subaru taking over Ram’s inferior physical form through『Cor Leonis』.
“ーーーー”
What he had harvested was the aftermath of having strode across『Return by Death』 and the continuation of 『Cor Leonis』. ーーEqual to his uneasiness by the memories of『Death』, what he carried over by the Authority.
Thanks to that he was able to grasp on the positions of his comrades at the current moment. Everyone was abiding by Subaru’s instructions, and had started to respond to each of the respective attacks.
Within those responses of his comrades also existed Meili, in the balcony, and Shaula, struggling fiercely. She was certainly there and fighting for Subaru and the others’ーー no, for Subaru’s sake.
Subaru: “I will, definitely help you.”
Whispering behind him, Subaru followed Julius’ back, who had gone ahead of him.
The humongous stairway, which cleared over the first layer of the tower and went through the layer above that, was lengthy. But neither was this the time to spit up complaints nor the situation to leak whining.
His entire body was sore, his bones had been shattered to pieces, but they were a necessary compensation to break out of this situation.
Andーー,
Julius: “Subaru, let’s advance!”
Julius’ dignified voice resounded, and Subaru raised his face whilst running out of breath. And Julius, who had reached the utmost step, turned half of his body back and gestured to Subaru with his hand.
Abiding by that, the moment he galloped over the stairway he was met with the space that had opened up.
“ーーーー”
The complete opposite arrangement of rooms from the fourth layer, which had multiple rooms dividing the floor like a spherical wineglass that had been shattered. The second layer『Electra』, which divided all of their worth of existence by the『Trial』, is where they had arrived.
And, in『Electra』, where the three of Subaru, Beatrice and Julius had arrived, the first generation『Sword Saint』Reid and the Sin Archbishop of『Gluttony』wereーー,
Reid: “ーーHey, you. Is that all ya’ve got, you. It ain’t a joke, you. Didn’t ya come here to entertain me, you. It’s lackin’, you. Don’tcha be makin’ me laugh, you. No, at least be makin’ me me laugh ya know, you. It ain’t amusin’ or anythin’, you.”
They came across the scene where the『Sword Saint』 Reid Astrea went on and on complaining, having grabbed a single leg of the young boy that had been mercilessly struck down onto the floor.

  ※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※
  “ーーーー”
Julius: “This is……”
Staring at the spectacle before their eyes, the one to whisper that in blank surprise was Julius. However, Subaru’s mental state witnessing the scene was absolutely the same as what he had whispered.
Then, what scene had they been expecting, was something quite difficult to determine now that if it were to be mentionedーー,
Reid: “A~h? What’s up, you all. Y’all comin’ here too, ain’t that some enthusiasm. Or, do ya have business not with me, but with this guy?”
Gluttony: “Kah, kah, kah……”
Saying that, Reid scratched the area of his chest with his right hand, and with his other hand the leg of the young boy he had in his gripーー the Sin Archbishop of『Gluttony』, he lifted him upside down and made a look of suspicion.
Just as mentioned before, what scene they had been expecting was something quite difficult to determine now that if it were to be mentioned, but at the very least, this scene far surpassed what Subaru had assumed.
Subaru: “I had heard that Reid and『Gluttony』were negotiating, but……”
Beatrice: “Negotiating…… this, I suppose? Betty thinks that even an exchange would be a lacking expression for this, in fact.”
Julius: “Yes, I agree. It is difficult to even call this a conversation.”
With that, Beatrice and Julius arrived at the same conclusion as what Subaru had whispered. However, the reaction of those two did not make sense from Subaru’s perspective.
Because the contact between Reid and『Gluttony』, the one to express it as negotiation from what he had heard last time, had been Julius, who must have witnessed a similar situation.
In any caseーー,
Subaru: “The scene where『Gluttony』got overwhelmingly whipped down, would that be correct?”
Though nobody had asked for it, that is what Subaru worded what he witnessed.
In the white space of the second layer『Electra』indeed, the one-on-one battle『Gluttony』 and Reid had engaged in, its traces remained in various spots.
They were the crevices on the floor caused by being stepped firmly upon or the cracks in walls which gave the impression of being caused by slashing strikes, aside from those, the traces of black burns caused by fires, or the scattered lumps of earth which were not supposed to be here, that precisely made clear the characteristic of『Gluttony』, it was unmistakable that the departments of all kinds of special moves had been lavish feasts.
ーーThe departments of those techniques had been struck and smashed to atoms by the calamity known as Reid.
Subaru: “Earthquake, thunder, fire, are all of them Reid……”
Reid: “So, what’re y’all gonna do, you all. Do ya wanna go for the『Trial』? Ya can go for it since ya’ve a slightly nice expression. But, young fish, you can’t. Ah, you can’t.”
Julius: “Why do you say, he is an exception?”
Reid: “Don’tcha get it jus’ by takin’ a look. A guy who ain’t perfect or can’t even become a game companion, instead of bein’ imperfect, is jus’ full of holes, ain’t that so. Don’t stand in front of me when ya’re like that. I start wantin’ to kill ya with a single finger, ya know. “
Gluttony: “Gi, gughya~a~a~!!”
While saying that, Reid stabbed his right hand’s fingers into the torso of『Gluttony』whom he had in his grip. With his guts mercilessly gouged, the Sin Archbishop of『Gluttony』gave rise to an unseemly shriek.
Though it was unknown how old『Gluttony』physically was, even so, from the standpoint of his outward appearance, the young boy of thirteen or fourteen years of age was being tormented by an adult was the emotion he felt, difficult to suppress upon that sight.
It seemed as if Julius also had the identical feeling, and soーー,
Julius: “Reid Astrea, you must also be possessing the dignity as a knight. Then, what reason is there for you to torment that young boy any more than necessary……”
Reid: “Hey, you, don’tcha be sayin’ idiotic bullshit.”
“ーーーー”
Said Reid without changing the tone of his voice, and declared whilst possessing only the sword spirit similar to penetrating cold in response to Julius, who tried to offer commencing conversation from a fresh start.
Reid shook the body of『Gluttony』left and right whose leg he had grabbed,
Reid: “The dignity of a swordsma~n? If ya scatter that ’bout in exaggeration, that’s exactly why the thin’ called the preparedness of a swordsman exists. Are ya gonna be fightin’ without even the preparedness to die. If ya’re gonna have an attitude makin’ light of it like that, then there ain’t any choice but to teach it to ya with pain. Aye?”
“ーーーー”
The preparedness and dignity of a swordsman, if the argument was to be placed such a sumo ring, the one to be at the inferior position would be Julius. On top of having pride hang outside earlier, Reid’s words about preparedness possessed a constant persuasive power.
On top of that, though the visible person was painful to even look at,
Subaru: “If『Gluttony』collapses, then the result certainly is alright……”
Though obvious, the Sin Archbishop of『Gluttony』was not included in his touted objective of everyone’s survival.
The ones Subaru wanted to save were only Emilia, Beatrice, Ram, Rem, Meili, Echidna, Julius and Shaula. On top of that, the two of Patrasche and Gyan.
『Gluttony』and Reid were not subject to that. If the two of them were to crush each otherーー to call it as that results in an outcome too unilateral, but it was advantageous for Subaru and the others should that happen.
Howeverーー,
Reid: “First of all, you. Is this guy yer buddy. If that’s so then it ain’t as if I don’t get why ya’re gettin’ so heated up……”
Julius: “No, absolutely not. That Sin Archbishop of『Gluttony』is a bitter enemy of myself as well, an opponent with whom, in the worst case scenario if I were to fight to the extremity, one may end up taking the other’s life.”
Reid: “Eh? Then why’re ya gettin’ so mad? Cause yer prey got snatched away?”
Julius: “ーーIt is because, you are kicking the pride of a swordsman.”
Julius told the『Sword Saint』ーー the man who was the first one to hold that title, bestowed upon only those who stand at the pinnacle of the sword.
That declaration of Julius’, which couldn’t even be an insult, was silently being heard by Reid who narrowed his eye not covered by the eyepatch.
Upon the waitful watch of that『Sword Saint』, Julius continued as if slashing the atmosphere.
Julius: “If battling swordsmen, warriors, knights is something where one must prepare his body for death beforehand, then it is fine to submit to losing one’s life at the extremity of the battle. However that, at most, is the extremity of battle, death at the extremity upon the exhaustion of all of one’s desperate efforts is how it should be. The victor, absolutely, must not play around with the life of the defeated.”
Reid: “……Ya’re sayin’ shit that’s makin’ my ears itchy. Who the hell’s gonna be listenin’ to all that.”
Julius: “I do not mind should they be named as even inexperienced ideals, or sweet nothings! Merely, embodying those ideals and sweet nothings is the way of the knight I believe in.”
“ーーーー”
With that bold assertion Julius unsheathed his own knight sword.
From what he had heard, this knight sword had gotten fractured onceーー it was not supposed to be a sword he had a habit of using, hence, it was something suspicious which his hand was yet growing accustomed to.
But above all, what must have always been in his fundamental values, those will never waver.
That is because they had certainly, always continued to shimmer within his self.
That shimmering something, did not let Julius overlook Reid’s unjustness.
Even if the one to fall victim to that unjustness should be a Sin Archbishop, someone who had committed grave atrocities.
Reid: “ーーThe way of the knight, aye.”
Beyond all expectation, that whisper jolted the atmosphere in『Electra』.
That was, a quiet tone of voice.
That was, not a voice harbouring emotions of little significance.
That was, nothing but an echo which seemed as if it had slipped in amongst the other nonchalant and bored echoes.
ーーHowever, that was the signal of eruption of the first generation『Sword Saint』, Reid Astrea.
Reid: “Hey, you. How long’re ya gonna be sleepin’. Wake the hell up.”
Gluttony: “Gughi ~tsu!”
As he groaned and directed strength of grip such that he could crush that grabbed leg with his hand,『Gluttony』responsively shrieked upon his leg almost being crushed. And, Reid looked down onto the upside down Sin Archbishop,
Reid: “You, ya said some interestin’ shit, ain’t that so. Ya said ya’re gonna eat me up, taste me up, lick me up, aye. ーーI will, let ya do that.”
Gluttony: “ーー. Gihi, gaha, ahahaha ~tsu! What’s up with that ~tsu! What’s that what’s that, what happened so suddenly ~tsu! Why so suddenly, do you feel like that, red-haired onii-san! Even though you swung we or us around this much because you were against that hu~h!”
Reid: “I changed my mind. ーーAh, that’s right that’s right.”
Removing the distortion of his face caused by pain,『Gluttony』tried regaining his state of health as Reid glared at him. After that as if having suddenly noticed something, Reid rotated his neck around,
Reid: “Ones like ya’ll will be intrudin’ right away anyway, ain’t that so.”
Remarkably saying that, Reid stepped ahead diagonally.
At that moment, shining violet crystals were thrown into the spot Reid was standing on. A shrill sound as that of shattering glass reverberated, and the violet arrows themselves along with the floor smashed and got scattered about.
However, they missed their aim. And Reid, who had been their aim, took a single step and leapt, shortening his distance to Subaru and the others who had commenced that attack just now.
Beatrice: “ーー~hk! Subaru, not good I suppo……”
Reid: “Here.”
Beatrice’s warning rendered fruitless,『Gluttony』was struck into Subaru’s torso, delivering a side blow.
Handling a human as a blunt weapon, the unstoppable force mercilessly sent Subaru flying who had been carrying Beatrice.
Subaru: “Gahagh ~hk!”
Reid: “It’s good ya didn’t hesitate, you all. This is way better than that beautiful girl in terms of fightin’. Well, the broken fragments of yer ability haven’t been reassembled, though.”
With no flexibility to even respond to Reid’s brief review, Subaru rolled over while holding Beatrice with all his might. He must not feel as if the origin of his life had been shorn off, with his internal organs overturned by the single blow just now, accompanied with Ram’s physical burden.
Julius: “Subaru! Beatrice-sama! Kgh…… ~hk.”
And whilst fearing for the blown away Subaru and Beatrice, Julius, in a single instant piercingly charged towards Reid who had shortened the distance in between. However, Reid strode on and crushed that with his feet and hammered a kick into Julius’ abdomen, who had tilted the axis of his legs.
Though Julius received that with the handle of the knight sword he had instantaneously drawn he could not block being lunged through by the shock wave as well. With his guts churned by the perforating single blow, he fell back greatly.
And meanwhileーー,
Reid: “Here, try it out n’ see. To eat me up, or to die jus’ like this by bein’ played around by me, choose one what ya’d like or I’d have no choice but to make a move. Ain’t that the thin’ called life, hey you.”
Gluttony: “ーーA~h, ah, ah ~tsu! We get it, we do get it, we really get it, we completely get it, as we get it, so we get it, as we want to get it, because we get it! Gluttonous drinking ~tsu! Gluttony ~tsu! We’ll do as per your wish ~tsu! It’s impossible for us to stay without eating ~tsu.”
Remaining upside down, raising his face right towards the front,『Gluttony』smiled at Reid. And,『Gluttony』stretched his hand, grabbing the area of Reid’s left eye which had been concealed by the eyepatch.
He subsequently opened his mouth andーー,
Gluttony: “Reid Astrea.”
Licking,『Gluttony』let go of Reid from his hand, as if tearing something off. And, gazing lovingly at his palm where that something was not even present, he exposed his tongue.
At the same pace, he chewed that invisible something, and reverberated a slurping sound as if indulging in it.
Afterwardsーー,
Reid: “ーーAh.”
Abruptly, change arrived in a single instant.
As if it had been an illusion or something, Reid’s form vanished in the blink of an eye. With the tall figure disappearing from the space it was certainly supposed to be in,『Gluttony』, whose leg had been grabbed, fell onto the floor. At the same pace, his hands skilfully made a reversal and『Gluttony』made an agile landing, and looked at his own palm.
What was recurring in those eyes, was something close to the nothingness, desolateness, dismay of seemingly a gourmet delicacy, which had exhausted its extravagance, disappearing from the top of the platterーー,
Gluttony: “A~h, so amazi~ng. That kind of flavour, this kind of flavour, which kind of flavour would it be like, we imagined a lot a lot a lo~t about it but…… it was above expectations ~tsu!”
Subaru: “He ate, Reid……?”
Gluttony: “A~h, you saw that, right ~tsu!? We did eat him! We indeed ate him! Really, isn’t it the best, this is the flavour which cannot be imagined ~tsu! Even we, who are called something like『Bizarre Eating』are able to get it at this guy’s rich taste ~tsu! Even without knowing Ley’s sayーー”
Leaning backwards, whilst touching own sharp canines『Gluttony』praised Reid’s flavour. As far as thought could go, it was the worst food report in human historyーー it halted in between.
It was not as if something had barged in as an obstruction. Its origin lay in『Gluttony』himself.
Gluttony: “ーーWha? Ah, ah, a~h, a~h, a~a~a~a~h?”
Beatrice: “J-Just, what is being started up this time, in fact……”
Subaru: “No, that is……”
Putting his hands on his own throat and abdomen,『Gluttony』started making movement as if practicing speech. Though Beatrice found that state to be ominous Subaru had an idea regarding this abnormality.
If the exchange between Reid and『Gluttony』just a moment agoーー if that was what Julius spoke of as “negotiation” then,
Gluttony: “Wa-Wa-Wa~-Wait, hieh, gihi, gihihi ~tsu. Strange, it’s strange, isn’t it strange ~tsu! After all, this is…… you, odd isn’t it?”
“ーーーー”
Gluttony: “It ain’t odd, you. To eat or to be eaten, that’s how life works, ain’t that so.”
Strangling his own throat,『Gluttony』fired words as if answering his own questions. That tone of voice met clear change, and as if pulled into the change of that tone of voice change ensued in『Gluttony’s』flesh body itself.
It was a change as if the waxing and waning of the moon, and the expression of questioning when did it even happen was appropriate for it.
Subaru did not avert his eyes at all.
The same went for Beatrice, who was in his chest, and of course Julius, who had taken stance with his sword. However, whilst remaining captured in the field of vision of the three,『Gluttony』erased that form of his in an instant.
And instead, the one standing at the spot where『Gluttony』had been wasーー,
???: “ーーAh, a fresh body sure’s different. It feels like blood’s flowin’ through flesh. I’m already feelin’ hungry. At least come after fillin’ yer stomach, mentally adult brat.”
Pronouncing so, the one who had carried out substituting for the former player, having exited the stage known as the Pleiades Watchtower for merely a few ten seconds, the existence who was blooming a second time at the centre of the stage, was Reid.
Reid Astrea had stolen the flesh body of the Sin Archbishop of『Gluttony』and had achieved resurrection into the present world.
Julius: “This is……”
The result of the negotiations between Reid and『Gluttony』from Julius’ perspective.
Of course, the details of the content of the conversation between Reid and『Gluttony』must have changed due to Subaru and the others’ intervention but it should have approximately remained the same.
In other wordsーー,
Subaru: “What the hell’s the negotiation, speaking while putting on airs……”
Beatrice: “Subaru, this is not the time to be saying all that, I suppose.『Gluttony』has disappeared, and Reid has……”
Subaru directed a rough remark towards Julius’ pretentious phrasing the previous time. Within those arms, Beatrice called for further vigilance but Subaru patted her head lightly and gazed towards Reidーー,
Subaru: “Strictly speaking, taking a backhand grip onto the Authority of『Gluttony』which reconstructs eaten opponents, and painted out the opponent’s self…… is that right?”
Reid: “Don’tcha go ’round sayin’ tough bullshit. Like I’d know such convenient shit. So, don’t swagger ’bout with shit I’d no way in hell know, damn young fish. Young fish? A~h, hm? You…… ah? You, this, you, that’s it, ain’t it, you.”
“ーー?”
Though his spirit had hijacked that flesh body, Reid made a wry face unrelated to that truth. He unusually groaned saying hm and gently put a finger in his own eyepatch. And turning it over, he looked at Subaru with his healthy blue eye which had no particular need for an eyepatch.
Looking, gazing, staring,
Reid: “ーーYou, ya’re pretty disgustin’.”
“ーーーー”
Reid: “Good job not havin’ yer head gettin’ screwed up with that. No, has it gotten so? What it’ll be precisely cause it’s gotten so, I ain’t got any idea. I haven’t even given it a thought.”
“ーーーー”
What was he saying, thinking that, Subaru got truly perplexed upon Reid’s attitude.
On top of being perplexed, the shivering and nausea enveloping his entire body were about to hit the critical point. Though obvious, Ram’s inferior physical form was worsening as much Ram’s body increased its voltage, and was throwing the backfire of recoil she was originally supposed to have felt into Subaru.
This time Subaru had not personally met up with Ram so there were no means for Ram to find out the reason why her body was favourably working.
Thinking of it now, it seemed as if Ram had been concerned regarding Subaru last time as well.
Though he had noticed Ram’s concern, who was not in this place, only after dying twiceーー,
Reid: “I see I see I do see. I ain’t got any idea, but it looks like ya’re the one these guys’re aimin’ for, ain’t that so. Then that makes things faster.”
Julius: “Reid! Your opponent is myself!”
Stepping ahead, Julius fired a slashing strike. But Reid attempted receive that with the chopsticks he had drawn out from his bosomーー,
However,
Reid: “Ah?”
The slashing strike lightly touched the tip of the chopsticks and blood spouted out of Reid’s right hand, despite him wanting to receive it. Looking at that Reid made a suspicious look, Julius raised his eyebrows in faint surprise as well.
Andーー
“ーーーー”
For having witnessed that with his own eyes, that alone was a harvest for Subaru.
Reid: “Tch.”
Clicking his tongue, Reid gyrated his chopsticks as if spinning a pen between the gap of his fingers and skilfully repelled Julius’ knight sword. At the same pace, stepping ahead with a single stomp he lapsed the distance between him and Julius, who had instantaneously drawn his body back, and aimed his palm towards his abdomen,
Reid: “Your opponent is myself, did ya say that?”
Julius: “Khーー”
Reid: “No way ya’ll be gettin’ to have an exchange with me, after doin’ a princess carry back there!”
The further twisted sole of the palm burst open Julius’ abdomen, the slender tall figure continued bleeding and was blown away backwards. He tried to position his lengthy legs to the floor in order to kill off that vigour, but failing to do so, Julius’ body turned upward at the bottom on the floor, and tumbled over at the same pace.
And, concluding his battle with Julius, who had widened the distance in between, Reid turned back,
Subaru: “Shi ~hk!”
Aiming for that sideward face of Reid’s, Subaru fired the whip which was at the back of his waist. However, without the occurrence of a miracle such as his body continuing to remember it, the tip of the whip flew towards the wrong direction.
The effect of lost memories was not only in his mind but also affecting the recursive actions of his flesh body. As a result of fully realising that, Subaru took in a heavy inhale.
At the same time as thatーー,
Reid: “You, with such a borin’ trick……”
Beatrice: “ーーThat boring trick, is the recommendation of you getting an end of being buried, in fact.”
Going past his amazement, Reid expressed his rage, and from his hind echoed the loud sound of striking hands. Upon looking that had been Beatrice, who had both her hands free, away from Subaru.
However, even if their hands were unconnected there was a certain connection between them. Beatrice extracted an extremely small amount of something like MP from the path of Subaruーー and exercised great magic.
Beatrice: “ーーUl Shamak.”
The moment immediately after Beatrice’s chant had achieved completion, what arose in the space was an enormous black hole.
That which had appeared all of a sudden in the air, manifested as an existence accompanied by primordial fear such as its unknown bounds and unknown depths, and tried to swallow Reid, who was right before it.
Subaru: “That, is……”
At a single glance, it could be understood that it was the great magic in effect within the space.
This was more of an issue of imaging it so, rather than having knowledge about it. Subaru had heard of Beatrice being a wasteful spirit, but the intensity of the real great magic could not even be in the same league of comparison.
Subaru had been unaware, that this was even possible. This was, a harvest.
That black hole swallowed Reid, and repelled away his『Sword Saint』off to somewhere unknownーー,
Reid: “The hell, it’s jus’ air. Somethin’ like air’s everywhere, as if it’d stop me.”
“ーーーー”
With just a single swing of his chopsticks, Reid broke through that immense magic with extreme easiness.
A carefree attitude as if, quite literally, slashing through airーー no, for him, it truly was exactly that. He did not have the nature of taking roundabouts around something which he was capable of doing and then boasting about it.
He had slashed the air, so that was his explanation. That was all there was to it.
Subaru: “Slashing dimensions, I imagine it as quite a superior ability, you know……”
Reid: “Heyhey, don’tcha put such cool names on it, better food can be served, ya know. If ya’ll stay persistent jus’ cause things’ve gotten a bit lively, that won’t be amusin’ or anythin’, ya know.”
Swinging his chopsticks at the same angle as when he had slashed Beatrice’s magic, the moment immediately afterwards, Subaru’s body had been diagonally burst open from his chest to his waist.
Subaru: “Gha, a~a~a~!!”
Beatrice: “Subaru!!”
Julius: “Subaruーー ~hk!”
Tasting the sensation of scorching heat Subaru collapsed on the spot, as Beatrice and Julius called for him. Upon the voices of those two, Subaru gnashed his molars and glared at Reid with bloodshot eyes.
And, turning his palm towards the two trying the rush up to him, he managed to halt their legs.
Subaru: “I’m, al, right……”
Shaking his head left and right, he urged the two to not worry for him. Of course, there was no way he could truly convince them simply by conveying such words to the two.
The chest wound, was shallow. ーーNo, it was not shallow. Though it was not shallow, it did not ache. It could be expressed as not being unbearable. At any rate, though it was bitter, it was alright. It was not worthy of making those two experience bitter, painful emotions. Gnashing molars, the blood on the verge of being vomitedーー nausea? Whichever it was, vomiting must be restrained from. Facing the front, glaring ahead, Reid must be carefully observed.
Reid: “As if ya can reach me with that, you.”
With a stunned expression, Reid was looking at Subaru, who was bleeding out of his lips.
Facing that Reid, Subaru stretched out his hand, and raised a single finger.
Subaru: “ーーY-Yeah. I will, reach you.”
Even right now. I can reach you. In a place not necessarily here.
I will, for sure, save Emilia, Beatrice, Ram, Rem, Meili, Echidna, Julius, Shaula, Patrasche, Gyan.
Without failing, a single person.
『Gluttony』and Reid were exceptions. ーーThe『Natsuki Subaru』who was not Natsuki Subaru as well.
That is why, right now, at this momentーー,
Subaru: “ーーThis is, count one.”
Overlapping with『Death』necessary for a counterattack, was an accomplishment of『Natsuki Subaru’s』as well.
At the very end of the end, Reid’s blue eyes sheened a dull flash towards Subaru, who had made that declaration.

  ※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※


Chapter 73
ーーUpon the advent of unforeseen『Death』, Natsuki Subaru heard the sound of ■ cracking.
However, upon each instance of that inexorable sound, he thought.
That it was certainly the proof of his progress not having come to a halt. That it was, the footsteps of the approaching future.
No matter how small those steps were, no matter how trifling the path he had advanced upon was, he was certainly, walking and progressing.
???: “ーーSubaru.”
“ーーーー”
The moment his consciousness was led to awakening, blue eyes of a characteristic pattern were reflected into his own. In front of his eyes, peeping at Subaru worriedly was Beatrice.
Beatrice’s hand was gently placed at Subaru’s cheek, and Subaru inhaled.
He had parted with Beatrice’s crying face not too long ago.
That consciousness’ switchover had not been carried out well. Just previously, though it could not be associated with something as extravagant as a parting, she certainly had been in Subaru’s eyes.
Subaru: “……Ah.”
Beatrice: “Is your consciousness firm, I suppose? It took time for you to wake up till now, it was worrying, in fact. It would be better to confirm you did not lose any memories accidentally, I suppose. To start with, Betty, do you recall who……”
Subaru: “Bea, trice……”
Beatrice: “ーー. It seems you do properly remember, in fact. Good boy good boy, I suppose.”
Saying that, Beatrice stretched the hand she had at Subaru’s cheek towards his head. At the same pace, she patted him with her tiny palm and slowly, his consciousness caught up to reality.
Subaru: “Count, one huh……”
“ーー?”
Beatrice tilted her head upon the whispering voice.
However, neither did she know what it meant, nor did he intend to explain it. She might not understand even if he were to explain, and he did not intend to make her understand either.
She was kind. Beatrice, was extremely kind.
That is why, what Subaru was testing out. If he were to tell her about that, it was a given that she would be absolutely against it. ーーThat was, something which Beatrice must not be allowed to know.
Beatrice: “So, how did it go, in fact? Was the purpose of reading the book fulfilled, I suppose?”
Subaru: “ーーYeah, about that.”
That is what Beatrice asked Subaru, who still had the book placed on his knees.
The moment immediately before the immediately previous momentーー the moment immediately before Subaru had disregarded his own physical state, Subaru had just been seeking a way to capture『Reid Astrea』and was just about to read his『Book of the Dead』.
That had come to a standstill due to complicated reasons, and multitudes of situations got caught in between the interval such that that would feel as if it was quite an old topicーー though that went only for Subaru, at maximum.
Things he ought to do, things he must do, they had all been decided.
That is whyーー,
Subaru: “Beatrice, it’ll be getting a bit confusing. ーーLend me, your strength.”
Beatrice: “ーー. That is a given, in fact. Betty is Subaru’s partner, I suppose.”
Promised Beatrice to Subaru, who had broken the ice without any explanations.
Her existence was, truly, very truly, reassuring for the ■.
  △▼△▼△▼△
  ーーThe impact, jumped around freely in the aisle of the stone tower.
???: “Haha ~tsu! Hahaha ~tsu! You’re doing it, you’re quite doing it, you’re surely doing it, perhaps you’re doing it, you’ve been doing it, you’ve done it, because you’ve been doing it ~tsu! Gluttonous drinking ~tsu! Gluttony ~tsu!”
???: “Is there any time to be playing around? That is quite the pliability, isn’t it.”
Using the walls, ceilings of the aisle as a foothold, making free use of transforming tactics at will from next to next was the Sin Archbishop of『Gluttony』, Ley Batenkaitos.
And the one rushing around at high speeds, having kept the inferior physical form of her body someplace else and moving around nimbly,was Ram.
Her petite frame fluttered about and danced, and directed merciless blows towards the direction of『Gluttony’s』body, who countered with equivalent fiendishness. At that point, rushing in as having been waiting for that wasーー,
Emilia: “ーーWroom and, boom!”
Wielding a large ice hammer in both of those hands, swinging it as if aiming for a home run was Emilia.
The damaging portion of the ice hammer, as large as a human’s trunk, turned into a strike with all of her might and made a firm hit onto Ley’s back. The small frame bounced and jumped along with a thunderous roar like a gum ball.
ーーNo, he bounced too far off.
Instantly kicking the ice hammer, he by himself had jumped ahead and killed the impact.
Ley: “Ahawaha~! You’re doing it doing it doing i~t! But but, that won’t do! That can’t defeat us!”
Emilia: “ーー~hk, he’s fast!”
In response to『Gluttony』displaying moves with a touch of acrobatics, Emilia made a frustrated expression on her cute face.
Past and present, east and west, chewing the experts of all kinds of master arts, demonstrating abilities that had, quite literally, become “every single kind of martial arts” was the Sin Archbishop of『Gluttony』, Ley’s fighting strengthーー or perhaps, it should be called his opposing pressure. It had attained preeminence, a remarkable difference of unleashing optimal techniques of the highest peak each moment to the next.
Subaru: “If the『Memories』, the efforts or the training, if they’re all being completely included then……”
Though it was quite hateful, perhaps『Gluttony』did not even have a need to possess a consciousness such as one saying “let’s pull them out”. When noticed the body already moved, that was the kind of Authority it was, of pulling them out in all kinds of scenes.
ーーThe stolen『Memories』even included the experience points of the physical body.
That was also evident by Subaru not remembering how to use the whip he carried around whatsoever. It seemed that the whip had been Subaru’s main weapon before losing his memories, but the correct way to hold it and swing it, he could remember none of it altogether.
In the first place, why did he choose something like a whip as his main weapon.
It’d be easier to make better use out of than a sword or a lance, it must have been a shallow thought like that. Though there were no objections to that itselfーー,
Subaru: “I wish I would’ve thought of a counter plan, in case I lost my memories……!”
Of course, he was aware it was an absurd request, however, Subaru still cursed it. By doing that, for a single moment, he was able to forget his effeminate jealousy towards his disappeared『Memories』.
The jealousy towards the disappeared『Memories』=『Natsuki Subaru』.
Beatrice: “Subaru, asking again, in fact. Are you really alright, I suppose?”
Towards that sideward face of Subaru’s, Beatrice raised her voice.
Upon her question, who had been supporting Subaru’s body as he shrugged his shoulders, Subaru nodded with a “Yeah”,
Subaru: “Right now, the fight’s a struggle…… if that collapses, our way to victory will……”
Beatrice: “ーーBut, there is opposition in Subaru being taken away from here, in fact.”
Subaru: “But, it’s necessary. You understand, right, Beatrice……”
Beatrice: “That isーー”
Subaru: “Lend me, your strength. Once again…… I request you.”
While maintaining meticulous caution among the ceaseless shocks, trying not to have his voice tremble, Subaru blackmailed Beatrice with an unfair manner of speaking.
In response to those cruel words of request of Subaru’s, Beatrice closed her eyes, making a strained expression.
Lend your strength, that was the flow of conversation they had also had in『Taygeta』 library.
However, that time had been before Subaru had activated『Cor Leonis』, and neither had Beatrice known that the situation of Pleiades Watchtower had deteriorated this much.
That is why, this was a heinous technique of Subaru’s which gripped onto Beatrice’s kindness.
“ーーーー”
Beatrice scrutinized Subaru’s proposal with a difficult face.
The sudden deterioration of Subaru’s physical condition and the recovery of Ram’s fighting strength which accompanied itーー the associativity between them was evident, and Ram, Beatrice, and even Emilia had noticed Subaru’s rash perseverance.
But still, everyone knew they could not tell him to stop.
ーーFor Subaru being burdened with his hardship was why the war front was being barely maintained.
Talk in name only, if Subaru was to unfasten『Cor Leonis』here whilst caring for himself, the first to follow would be the collapse of Ram, Emilia will get her『Name』eaten by『Gluttony』, their cooperation will crumble down and they will be defeated.
And should『Gluttony』be rendered free, the power balance of the tower would fall into an unrecoverable state, ultimately everyone would die in defeat and it would be game over.
Subaru: “……In the end, me being burdened is the best, the better option.”
Subaru, who could never really be of any help even when he was acting rash, was making strides in the fighting strength by taking over Ram’s inferior physical form. That was, an absolute requirement for capturing the tower.
Correctly speaking, even in the efficacy of『Cor Leonis』, there lay a trap not easy to solve.
That was, consciously or subconsciously, Ram saving up a bit of her fighting strength.
“ーーーー”
With overwhelming sense and techniques beyond comprehension, Ram maintained a firm balance in the place.
In spite of that, the reason why she had not gone further in order to overcome the opposition was because Ram had imposed a limiter on her own fighting strength. ーーThe reason for that was her faltering due to carefully considering Subaru’s status.
If Ram were to move to the fullest, it would impose an enormous burden onto Subaru.
Subaru would not be able to endure that. That possibility, was putting a halt on Ram’s limbs.
The truth is, something similar had occurred when he had gone around towards Julius and Reid.
It had been confirmed he was capable of taking over Ram’s inferior physical form through『Cor Leonis』itself without having to meet up with herーー however, in a situation where Ram does not know of the interrelation between her own favourable state and Subaru’s state, Ram does not save on her fighting strength.
As a result, the backfire, lacking any regret, scorched only Subaru and did not lead to mutual harm.
It also meant the end for Ram’s time as standing unrivalled, the worst kind of mutual harm.
It was not possible to continue sprinting with the entire strength for long in a state of lacking oxygen. That was all there was to it.
Henceforth, drawing up Ram’s fighting strength through『Cor Leonis』, in terms of results, Ram’s judgement to save onto her abilities was correct. Being balanced was the best.
However, that improvement of Ram’s combat power,『Gluttony』was indeed following and keeping up with it with the limitless arts of war he had plundered. Emilia was compensating for the parts where he could not be pushed away, but still,『Gluttony』could not be distanced away from, continuing to eat away with an extraordinary ability to survive.
That is why, towards thatーー,
Beatrice: “ーーMinya!!”
Enough to envelop the entire aisle, violet crystals materialised and were fired in a single action.
Acting in consent with Beatrice’s chant, who swung her small arm downwards, the concentrated attack of the magic called shadow magic swooped down onto Ley, who had turned his back towards this side, with tremendous vigour.
Immediately afterwards the boisterous dance of violet light swallowed the petite frame, engulfing the aisle with the sound of shattering glass.
“ーーーー”
Within the fluttering flakes of violet, dancing and falling, leaping away from the attack’s span were the two of Emilia and Ram. Evading the fire with instantaneous judgement, it was as expected of their physical ability to quickly avoid it.
On the other hand, having been in the same circumstance but only having delayed the part of him facing it with his back, Ley could not evade it easily the way Emilia and Ram had done.
It was a magic to be feared which crystallised the struck targets, turning them into a brittle and transient existence and smashing them.
Minya, capable of fatally wounding even through light contact, if it were to be recklessly fired this much in such a confined range it would be difficult for an enemy, even if it were to be a transient being, to cut through unhurt.
When the dance of the light which had been given rise to by the violet arrows came to a halt, the form of『Gluttony』who had taken enormous damage wasーー not there.
Beatrice: “ーー~hk!?”
Emilia: “Eh!? Where did……”
Beatrice inhaled in astonishment whilst Emilia made a strained expression and looked around.
Within the chaos, the one to get a grasp on the situation the fastest truly had been Ram.
She put her hand on her own right eye, and with only her left eye open, turned back. Subaru knew there was something like a path connecting him and Ram through『Cor Leonis』.
Ram, activated some type of a technique. Using that peculiar power, she understood where specifically the disappeared『Gluttony』 was.
His whereabouts wereーー,
Ram: “Barusu!”
“ーーーー”
Ram shouted, widening her light crimson eyes.
At that moment, from her line of sight Subaru comprehended the arrival of a hazardous presence right behind them. That was aiming for the back of Subaruーー no, Beatrice.
With the interruption by Minya just now, did it intend to convey that it had polluted the battle.
At any rate, it was not vastly different from the transpiring happening.
Ley: “ーーMust say, if the one right now was to be continued consecutively, it’ll be getting tiresome, that’s why.”
Accompanying the sneering words, the dagger fastened to his arm flashed.
That was the strike by Ley, who had leapt through the space and escaped the concentrated attack of violet arrows. In line with the frequent usage of the『Fist King』, the odd talent of the one who became the『Leaper』ーー it could be named, short range warp.
According to what had been seen, it seemed as if there were certain limits to the distance, but still the compatibility of the strange talent of jumping over space and the encircling attack was the worst.
Carrying no significance regarding the type of the surprise attack, in the end, anything aside from getting involved in the head-on match wasーー,
Subaru: “Beatrice”
Beatrice: “Subaーー”
Thoughts and actions, ■ and body did not always coincide.
The moment initially after he pushed the small body away reflexively, a piercing sensation deeply gouged out his chest.
Subaru: “Kah.”
Like scratching the scab with claws, no, the pain and impact was several thousand times that. He instantly regretted having received that with his chest. Though he regretted it, no other convenient shield had been present there.
Bewildered by the momentary judgement, he shuddered at the mere thought of Beatrice having been slashing down. So much so that he thought it would be better for him to become a shield of flesh compared to that. It was painful, though it was painful, if it was merely pain, merely the wound on his body, it would last for only an instant. Not even an instant. But, it was much better than ■ being wounded.
Much better, than ■ dying.
“Subaruーー ~hk!!”
The loud voice echoed within the tower, when he tried to turn back and see to whom it belonged, his knees snapped.
Strength faded away from his limbs surprisingly easily. Pathetically fragile, he was unable to support even his head. Even an infant could hold his head still but what was this man, who had significantly aged, doing.
Such that even this frivolous talk wouldn’t come to mind, his consciousness fell into the sole of the deep, dark hole.
A vivid ache and sense of loss, scorched his brain.
Subaru: “ーーGhi.”
Whilst wanting to give rise to a shriek, he endured his voice trying to fly out by grinding his teeth.
It was not as if he would feel any better if he were to let it out. It was not as if he would feel any better if he were to not let it out. However, there were people here who would surely have their ■ shattered, if Subaru were to cry out now.
He could not allow that. Because he could not do so, stay silent and die. Natsuki Subaru.
Ley: “ーーHow nice, onii-san. So you will be going to the next one by doing tha~t?”
There echoed a voice overlooking Subaru, who had powerlessly crumbled down whilst continuing to resist his screaming.
He had endured his screaming. However, he could not possibly endure that mocking voice.
“ーーーー”
In a situation where his limbs had been rendered completely incapable of moving, he directed strength into his arm and moved his finger.
And, with a single middle finger raised, his lips moved.
Subaru: “Die, idiot.”
After that, his consciousness came to a haltーー.
  △▼△▼△▼△
  ■ Count 2.
・ Having Emilia and Ram cooperate, aiming for an early settlement with Ley Batenkaitos, failure.
・ Timing is essential for taking over Ram’s inferior physical form through『Cor Leonis』.
・ ーーBeatrice’s surprise attack is incompatible with『Gluttony』.
  △▼△▼△▼△
  ーーFiercely, the enshrouding clouds of sand were trying to enwrap the field of vision.
“ーーーーHaahraan.”
With his entire body swinging around at the sensation of violently swaying about, Subaru desperately clung on, trying not to be thrown off. Ahead of him, a pigtail was shaking about left and right.
???: “ーーWork hard, Sand Earthworm-chan!”
In accordance with Meili’s call, the Sand Earthworm trembled its large build and intensely hammered in and struck its face. Being swallowed by that shock wave gave rise to an immense loss in the troops of the advancing horde of Witch Beasts.
However, those lost troops were covered in the matter of a few seconds, trampling upon the scattered corpses of their own kind, the hordes of Witch Beasts continued to push in without halting their feet. ーーThe war situation, was unfavourable.
“ーーーー”
Under their eyesーー no, in all directions, advancing in were the innumerable Witch Beasts. With those as her opponents, Meili made free use of her preparations, which in no way could be stated to be sufficient and was struggling fiercely.
Honestly speaking, Meili’s efforts, as she controlled the Witch Beast, were hard to notice by an outsider’s perspective. She ordered instructions to the Witch Beast and abiding by that the fiendish monster rampaged about. There was no mystery in that if that alone was to be observed.
Howeverーー,
Meili: “Hah, hah ~hk.”
Looking at her shape, with sweat on her forehead and her occasionally inhaling agonizingly, it could perhaps be understood at a single glance that it was a recognition too difficult to observe.
Meili: “Hah, fu~h…… enough, geez o-onii-san, treats people so rudely~.”
Wiping the sweat dripping down her chin by the back of her hand and stating some rather harsh words, Meili’s eyes had become bloodshot.
It was not as if she had directly linked with the Witch Beast like Subaru’s『Cor Leonis』but to bend the atrocious Witch Beast’s instinct as per her own notions, an immense strength of will was needed.
For Subaru, who had read her book once and personally experienced her half death, the weight of that indemnification was clearly known. That is precisely why, it had been transmitted to him.
ーーThat Meili was seriously thinking of capturing the tower, along with Subaru and the rest.
Subaru: “ーー~hk “
Meili: “He~y, onii-san!? If you don’t grab on properly, you’ll die~, you kno~w!”
Subaru: “I-I know……!”
The moment immediately after he profoundly thought of those deep emotions, his body felt as if it was being carried away in the horizontal jolts and his posture crumbled. He had momentarily withstood his ground but he was shouted at by Meili when she discovered that.
Whilst complying with those words, Subaru calmed down and clung to the protuberance of the large build.
ーーAt present, the figures of Subaru and Meili were on top of the large build of the Sand Earthworm.
Meili: “If instructions were to be given directly from a close distance, there must be a child which listens to what is said even within children who cannot learn anything, isn’t i~t.”
Subaru: “Like I said, I never thought, I’d get to have a Witch Beast ride……!”
Swishing through the air, with his frame being jolted by the velocity of the Witch Beast’s body cutting through the atmosphere with a roar, Subaru skilfully moved around his body weight whilst stuck in admiration of Meili, who was managing the Witch Beast’s back.
This time as well, Meili’s battle with the hordes of Witch Beasts commenced from the balcony of the fourth layer.
Making use of several Sand Earthworms which had been prepared in advance, having the hordes of Witch Beasts advancing towards the watchtower suffer an attack in order to block the invasion of the Witch Beasts into the tower was Meili’s role.
However, she quickly gave up on the attack from the balcony, jumping onto the back of the Sand Earthworm underneath and then in one go, plunged into the Witch Beasts with vigour like that of a high wave, from the middle of its forehead.
With that heroic tactic of Meili’s, accompanying her as bait was what Subaru’s current state was.
Meili: “Really, the Witch Beast-chan’s all really love onii-san, isn’t i~t.”
Subaru: “And that’s nothing to be happy about…… ~hk.”
Looking at the excited state of the Witch Beasts drawing near, Meili sighed as they were crushed by the Sand Earthworm. Whilst agreeing with her comment, Subaru narrowed his eyes at the hurriedly approaching hordes of Witch Beasts.
Though the principle behind it was unknown, it was something he was aware of in terms of the result.
The Witch Beasts who surrounded the watchtower, strictly speaking, were not aiming for the watchtower but had gathered aiming for Subaru who was inside of it. ーーThat was, evident from this situation as well.
The spearheads of the Witch Beasts were concentrating on the extreme towards the Sand Earthworm, which was giving a ride to Meili and Subaru.
Turning their legs around, which were supposed to have been facing towards the tower, hastily making way towards this side with unraveled fangs was merely the instinct of Witch Beasts trying to kill a living being, nothing more.
Subaru: “It wasn’t as if I was half-convinced, but……”
Him having the physical constitution which attracted Witch Beasts was a peculiarity Subaru, who had been in present-day Japan till yesterday, did not even need confirmation for as a real feeling. In the past, he had gnawed the pocky for the dog kept in the neighbourhood, but could that have possibly been a symptom of the early stage of this physical constitution.
He was utterly unaware now. Though he was unawareーー,
Subaru: “It seems it’s no mistake that I am responsible for a large part of the five obstacles.”
The large hordes of Witch Beasts advancing towards the watchtower, the ones of『Gluttony』putting his approach towards the tower to test through Subaru’s『Memories』, Reid who took in that『Gluttony』and acquired substance, Shaula who commenced aiming for Subaru by the virtue of her transformation, the jet black shadow which swallowed the entirety of the watchtowerーー.
Looking at it back now, it was impossible to prevent the thought of the responsibility for their origin seemingly coming down onto Subaru in the truest sense. Of course, inevitability was no possible part of it.
Subaru: “My mind, is getting depressed……”
However, if the Witch Beasts, Shaula, and the jet black shadow could be lured outside of the watchtower, there may possibly form a way to break out of the deadlock of the present circumstances.
Subaru: “……It is not forbidden to destroy the『Trials』, huh.”
The fifth rule, behind capturing Pleiades Watchtower.
When he thought of the feelings of Shaula’s ■, who had hid that, he felt his chest ache but the rule he had finally fished out of her mouth granted a new viewpoint towards the place known as the Pleiades Watchtower.
It was not as if his eyes had opened innovatively by getting to know that rule.
However, granted with a scale he had never thought of, his way of looking at the world had expanded remarkably. Things which dk not exist cannot be obtained. That was, the fundamental law of the world.
To pass over the『Trial』without finishing it, to act contrary to the established routine of the『Trial』, those had been prohibited.
Without even getting involved in that, destroying the『Trial』itself had not been prohibited. What, could that mean.
What could itーー.
Subaru: “Meiーー”
Li, trying to continue his words on, that is when Subaru witnessed it.
By changing the course of the Sand Earthworm, whilst attempting to confirm whether the terrain of the watchtower’s environs were usable or not, the objective came to a standstill.
Because an assailing corona, from overhead, had scattered away the thick trunk of the Sand Earthworm.
“ーーーーHaahraaaan.”
With more than eight meters blown off of the approximately ten meter wide waist the Sand Earthworm shrieked, giving rise to its death wail.
The proceedingly lowering roar of the Witch Beast also resembled a howl, and Subaru, who had basked in that at close proximity, felt his vision dye white with its explosive intrusion into his eardrums.
Atop the Witch Beast, which had experienced that and was disseminating bluish-purple bodily fluids, having failed to stop its body from getting blown off into a thousand scraps from both the front and back of its trunk, Subaru and Meili’s bodies were thrown down.
Subaru: “ーーAh.”
Meili: “Ghーー ~hk!”
Instantaneously stretching out his hand, he took Meili’s petite body within his arms.
Patting his shoulder and trying to call out to him was a byproduct of it. By reflexively leaning his body forward, he had been able to catch her falling body.
However, that had not been a drastic settlement. The Sand Earthworm’s large frame somersaulted, and not only Meili but Subaru had also been thrown off.
Even if he were to pull her in, in the end, they would fall on top of the sand, a place entirely surrounded by Witch Beasts.
Should that happen, the two of them would become feed for the Witch Beasts whilst they attempted to reorganise themselves.
Above allーー,
Subaru: “ーーShaula.”
Clinging to the outer wall of the tower with its tail stinger facing towards Subaru and the rest, the titanic scorpionーー Shaula, with her large build slipped into the twilight, she was distantly visible having made her appearance.
They were out of time.
Within the tower, someone broke the rule. In accordance with that, Shaula lost her self and transformed into the titanic scorpion and just as what she had reported about herself, she commenced attacking, aiming for Subaru.
That single bomb had scattered away the Sand Earthworm’s trunk, and mid air, towards Subaru and Meiliーー,
Meili: “Onii-sa…… ~hk.”
Hugging Meili tightly, who was within his arms and had raised a voice as that of a scream, Subaru did not let his eyes avert from the titanic scorpionーー no, Shaula. The red compound eyes emitted a distinct glow within the presence of night and the line of sight unbeknownst to any course of action, clearly understood its aim was Subaru upon looking at him.
Light gathered at the tail stinger, and now once again, a corona was fired.
They would get vapourized away should they be struck by that. However, they must not get struck by that.
He wanted to avoid being killed by Shaula, regardless of how much that may abrade away his ■. If he were to bend away from that notion, he would surely become a miscreant then.
However, a way to defend themselves while they were mid air was.
“ーーーーHaahraan.”
The moment the corona was fired, the Sand Earthworm writhing in agony thrusted itself above the line of fire. Was that simply the instinctive movement of the Sand Earthworm or did Meili influence it in some way, he did not know.
However, the single blast Shaula had fired had been avoided at the moment when it was supposed to have vaporized Subaru away.
Andーー,
Subaru: “Gah, gugh.”
With vehement vigour, Subaru and the rest fell on top of the sand from their sands.
Meili, who was strongly embraced within Subaru’s arms, was perhaps safe. However, Subaru himself had not been safe. Unable to defend himself, he had gotten his head within the extensive sand.
A dull sound echoed, the joints of his bones, which must be avoided from getting smashed, had gotten broken.
At that instant, his field of vision was rendered completely black.
His nerves, which must be avoided from getting slashed, had gotten cut a thousand times.
Not only what was visible to his eyes, but sounds, sensations, anything and everything turned distant.
Merely his nose remained alive. It was baffling. The nose, which was not even expected to be capable of doing something useful normally. For some reason, till the very end of the end, he could sense scents.
The sweet, scent.
Within his arms, having been there till recently, that sweet scent.
Perhaps, yet remaining alive, that sceーー.
  △▼△▼△▼△
  ■ Count 7.
・ Escaping outside of the tower, the effectiveness of luring away the Witch Beasts.
・ The Witch Beasts’ aim is Subaru. The aim of the shadow and titanic scorpion as well, is perhaps the same.
・ ーーWith Natsuki Subaru alone, Meili cannot be protected.
  △▼△▼△▼△
  Subaru: “Ghuーー”
Enduring the nausea welling up within him, Subaru glanced at the front once again.
Stepping firmly, pouring immense strength in the legs, he somehow managed to have his body remain still. His anguish had not been eased. He was merely skilfully deceiving his anguish.
???: “Hiyah! Hiyayah! Eiyah!”
Crushing the bitterness of gastric juices in his teeth was Subaru and in front of him, fiercely welding two ice swords was Emilia. Evading those attacks of Emilia’s calmly, with a deriding smile was the bitter enemy he was tired of looking at, Ley Batenkaitos.
“ーーーー”
Since the restart point of『Return by Death』had been set up to the moment immediately following the confrontation with Louis Arneb in the『Book of the Dead』, Emilia and『Gluttony’s』encounter was inevitable.
At the point in time Subaru had『Returned by Death』to, the battle between Emilia and『Gluttony』had already commenced.
The simple way to change situations was to tamper with the match-making. However, by activating『Cor Leonis』immediately after『Returning by Death』Subaru was able to see the positions of his comrades within the tower, and he naturally understood that this fight was unavoidable.
Henceforth, he did not have the situation of the tag team of Emilia and Ram fighting Ley change.
ーーHowever, something could be done about that in its own way.
Subaru: “ーーJulius!”
Julius: “I know!”
At Subaru’s sharp call, in accordance with that, a single shadow stepped in.
That was, with a knight sword in his grip and running through the frozen aisle, Julius. Having his light purple hair flutter in the icy wind he commenced his gallant piercing sprint from a lower posture.
Ley: “Haha ~tsu! Even the nameless knight-sama shall be partaking in the battle hu~h!”
Julius: “Unfortunately, if that was intended to be a provocation then that is quite weak. Subaru pricks at spots much more painful.”
Ley: “You know, despite being comrades, what’s up with that?”
Brushing away the advancing piercing bolt with his dagger, Ley and Julius exchanged words at close proximity. Even in the midst of that sword strikes unfolded between the two, and exchanges of special moves, opposite to the content of their conversation, were being performed.
ーーHaving Julius accompany them to this place, was a type of a gamble.
When the five obstacles had attacked the watchtower for the first time, Subaru had Julius accompany them for going around this as well. At that time, Emilia had gotten her『Name』eaten and her cooperation with Julius, who had been rendered unknowing to her battle style, had been shoddy and lacked the ability to corner『Gluttony』.
Howeverーー,
Subaru: “This time, nobody has forgotten Emilia-chan. On top of that……”
Emilia and Julius’ coordination attempted to soundly counter Ley. At that point, ahead of Subaru’s line of sight, was the shadow of a person kicking the ceiling and making a sudden descentーー Ram severely cut in between.
Of course, increasing her fighting strength through『Cor Leonis』was Subaru’s greatest duty. That had been practiced this time as well, and Ram advanced closer to Ley’s torso with unordinary body handling.
And,
Ram: “Just, kindly take the exit already.”
Ley: “Ghu, egh.”
Cold words, and her palm, with equal sharpness, drove into Ley’s side. At the palm strike aiming to directly impact the internal organs through the gaps in ribs, and a distinct rumble of pain spilled through Ley’s lips.
At the same pace, Ram’s knee tried assaulting the snapping body which then got blocked, but grabbing the hair of her opponent from the back of his head she slammed him onto the floor. On top of that, she consecutively swung down her heel into his face.
Merciless might, continuous attacks, those were the only way to drive Ley into certain defeat.
However, this had been far from being sufficient for damaging Ley. The heel Ram swung down onto his face, having grabbed that slender ankle whilst lying down, he glared at Ram from below with a bloodstained evil countenance.
Ley: “Nee-sama, cau~ght……”
Emilia: “Hiryah!!”
Ley: “ーーGah ~tsu!?”
Ley expressed a smile on his evil countenance and his body, from a directly horizontal attackーー by the ice hammer given shape to and swung by Emilia like a golf swing, got blown off.
It was a nice save, just when he was about to put his wickedness to work by grabbing Ram’s leg. At Ley, who went rolling and somersaulting skilfully, Emilia gallantly raised her eyebrows and puffed up her chest.
???: “……As merciless, as always, I suppose.”
Beatrice, while supporting his body right by his side, whispered in response to those actions of Emilia’s with admiration, amazement, and somewhat pride.
The truth is, Subaru felt the same. She had a cute face, she could truly be relied upon.
Ram: “Emilia-sama, gratitude for the rescue.”
Emilia: “Mhm, it’s fine. Ram got grabbed because she’s moving around this much, after all. Julius as well, thank you for coming here.”
Julius: “Not at all,『Gluttony』is an opponent I am deeply connected to as well. Rather, my deepest apologies for exposing Emilia-sama and Miss Ram to danger. This was originally supposed to be a spot where I would tell you to kindly stand back, but……”
Ram: “With that as the opponent, there must be no room to be acting upon chivalry or gentlemanliness, isn’t it.”
Whilst hugging her elbows, Ram flatly intercepted Julius’ words. Even Julius could not refuse that. It seemed as if he felt ashamed of his feelings towards that itself.
There is a certain style to battle, there are certain rules to warriors.
However, adhering to that and becoming too obsessed over pride would result in large losses. ーーFor Julius, this was a difficult spot. However, there was no choice for him but to respond to it.
At the very least, with the Sin Archbishop of『Gluttony』, an atrocious gang as the enemyーー,
Ley: “……A~h, you sure are doing it. To do this much with us as the opponent is quite something.”
Saying that, the aforementioned Sin Archbishop stood up while shaking his head.
Whether that was him resounding having received Emilia’s heroic blow from his shoulder, his right arm was still loosely handing down. Possibly, the shoulder bones had perhaps been fractured.
If that was true, then it could be said it was possibly fatal for the Authority of Ley Batenkaitos, of reconstructing battle styles through『Memories』. No matter how proficient a battle style may be, it would be rendered meaningless if it was not exercised perfectly.
Subaru: “……Or instead, by substituting with the little sister, are you going to be switching the body and everything to the other?”
Ley: “ーー. Waha~n, we see, huh. Onii-san is aware of our『Solar Eclipse』and『Lunar Eclipse』is what that means. Well well, got seen through, isn’t it. But you kno~w”
Putting an abrupt halt to his words,『Gluttony』carefreely stuck his tongue out as if mocking Subaru and the rest. Though Subaru furrowed his eyebrows to that gesture, the answer was provided immediately.
That wasーー,
Ley: “ーーIn such a disadvantageous situation, i~s there any meaning for us to still continue fighting?”
Subaru: “ーー~hk! Not good!”
Obvious logic, Subaru shouted while cursing the shallowness of his own thought.
Hearing that call of Subaru’s, Emilia and the others also seemingly reached the same thought, but they were too late.
Ley: “Baha~hayee.”
Lightly swinging his hand, Ley’s figure jumped over the space.
Using the odd talent of the『Leaper』, he erased his form from the aisle.
Julius: “Stay on the lookout for the surroundings! We don’t know where he may appear from yet!”
Ram: “ーーIt is futile. That bunch, once they are allowed to get away, they escape. That must be why, they haven’t been caught even once yet, isn’t it.”
Rendering his form invisible was『Gluttony』, Julius called for vigilance for his surprise attack but Ram probed into the situation with composure whilst shaking her head left and right.
Subaru too felt the same as Ram. Just as the words Ley had left, there lay not a single reason for him to continue fighting in such a disadvantageous situation.
Ley Batenkaitos, was a Sin Archbishop, not a warrior.
He did not possess the qualities of continuing to fight until the very end, or enjoying hard battles either. According to Louis’ statement, what they desired was the greatest life, the itinerary of optimum solutions.
ーーThe hazards of hard battles or defeat, those could not even be forgotten desires for them.
Emilia: “……Then, it’s over already?”
Dumbfounded, Emilia whispered whilst reducing the ice hammer she held in her hand to air.
In those words was not the relief of the enemy having disappeared, but the disappointment having let a bitter enemy slip from their handsーー no, something differing furthermore, despondency.
The reply to that despondency, wasーー,
Ram: “ーーJust, a little bit more and yet!”
“ーーーー”
Ram: “Just, a single step more, and the bunch who made Rem go through all that could have been…… ~hk.”
Kneeling down, Ram raised a high-pitched voice.
She powerfully struck her fist to the aisle’s floor, trembling her voice regarding『Gluttony』, who had artfully succeeded in running away.
Everyone in this place was painfully aware, of the feelings of her regretful self.
The reason why Emilia prevaricated her words, why Julius hid his yellow eyes, why Beatrice, beside Subaru, lowered her shoulders, all of it collected upon that.
They had come to possess a sudden clue.
However, unlike relying on knowledge of the tower, enquiring『Gluttony』about the damage dealt by the Authority of『Gluttony』directly was a way that had been thought over with certainty.
To have that slip away from right in front of the eyes, it was obvious to feel despondency for that.
Subaru: “……With this, Ley has been repelled away, is that what it would mean?”
Understanding the feelings of Ram’s ■ sinking deep into lamentation, Subaru possessed a different kind of doubt.
Seeing the disadvantage of three against one, Ley decided to withdraw from this spot. However, speaking in terms of whether he had withdrawn completely as a threat to the watchtower, that was yet unclear.
Though Ram had informed Julius of the futility of looking out for a surprise attack, that was something limited to only this place. Within the tower, dangerous『Gluttony』were wandering around, that situation yet remained unchanged.
If so then it could not possibly be said that one of the five obstacles had been eliminated.
On the contrary, they had left an opponent about whom they had no idea where he may clash in from, to take care of himself, that was all there was to it.
Subaru: “ーー~hk, should the guy who escaped be ran after, or should another problem be looked after. At any right, right now……”
???: “ーーThe thin’ known as a situation’s all ’bout the opponent, where ya should be movin’ ’round without thinkin’ anythin’.”
“ーーーー”
Suddenly, the moment he was giving consideration to the possibility of not making a move, he felt his hair rise at the voice which originated from behind. When everyone turned back instantly, slow footsteps approached from ahead of the aisle.
Their owner, as if simply taking a walk without halting a single step, that was not something the aforementioned bunch would do.
For some reason.
???: “I’m takin’ a walk ’round my garden, yet why’d I be worryin’ ’bout other fellas?”
Boldly, without feeling shy for a single thing, the manーー the figure of Reid who descended down from the second layer, at that Subaru felt the situation deteriorate further.
Keeping the issue of Reid for later he had hastened Ley Batenkaitos’ subjugation, but in terms of results, Ley had escaped and obstructing Reid’s revival had completely failedーー,
Emilia: “Since when, did this tower become your garden?”
Reid: “Heyhey, don’tcha go ’round havin’ misunderstandin’s, fiercely frizzlin’. Lemme tell ya, when I said garden I wasn’t refferin’ to this gloomy tower. You, ain’t it obvious I’d be callin’ the whole damn world’s my garden.”
Julius: “……If the man who became legend by a single swing of sword says that, then that comment must not be a trifling matter.”
At the arrival of Reid, who was not supposed to be able to leave the second layer, Emilia and Julius fired their own respective astonishment and words. The response to that was extremely typical of Reid, that could be stated straightforwardly.
For this warrior who surpassed all human intellect, the idea of thinking over his footstepsーー no, not just footsteps. The thought of taking other people into consideration, was completely out of the balance.
Ram: “ーーWhy, have you descended down here? You were not supposed to be able to leave that floor, isn’t that so, trial taker.”
Reid: “Talkin’ to women knelt down and sunken ain’t to my likin’. If ya want me to answer then try requestin’. I don’t think strong-hearted women’re bad. Though I don’t think weak-hearted women’re bad either.”
Ram: “Is that so. ーーSuch a sleazebag.”
Without expecting a direct response, Ram promptly halted her response to Reid.
The next instant, Ram, who had kicked the floor with enough force to burst it open, rushed towards the opposing Reid’s bottom in a straight line and turning into a pink whirlwind, leapt towards the『Sword Saint』standing bolt upright.
At the same pace, making the best use of her petite build, a high speed rotating kick was fired from her heel towards Reid’s head. Without any exaggeration, a kick strike with enough force to mow down his head.
It was a stark kick which, if it landed a direct hit, would blow off his head physically, if not that then at the very least, his consciousness.
Of course, the respective recoil would flow into Subaru from Ram and ache like a strike of lightning would bolt through his body.
Subaru: “Ghu, ghu~u~u~ ~hk.”
It is said that when an artery explodes, it pains to an inconceivable level. Right now, it could be boasted that what was running through Subaru’s entire body was something close to that.
Ram’s attack which had been unleashed to this extent, the fruits it bore wereーー,
Reid: “Not bad. But, that’s all it’s got. Had it been Trisha she would’ve broken the floor with a single blow, ya know.”
Ram: “……Monster.”
Reid: “Don’t lump me together with somethin’ like monsters. There’s gotta be a limit to how low my worth can be, ya know.”
Intercepting the kicking leg, he had the impact flow into the ground.
Having been witnessed earlier, physical attack killingーー that made the floor and walls of the aisle develop cracks, however, the damage to Reid himself had been blocked perfectly.
And, towards Ram’s abdomen, who had halted movementーー,
Reid: “Here, try endurin’ this, you.”
Spinning and turning around his body once, Reid’s bulky and sturdy leg sprang up. At the same pace, the sole of his foot captured Ram’s body and swept it right upwards energetically.
Ram: “Kafugh.”
With the air within her lungs squeezed out, Ram’s lips, as she widened her eyes, vomited a large amount of blood out. Whilst bathing in that without evading it, Reid narrowed his eye unconcealed by the eyepatch and distorted his lips.
However, immediately opening up his narrowed eye again, he spilled out “The he~ll?” with his voice.
Ram: “It was successful, wasn’t it.”
At that instant Ram grasped the leg caved into her abdomen and using her entire body, settled the joint of her knee. With an attitude as if unaffected by the impact of the strike which had pierced through her abdomen. Seeing that, Reid carved a puzzled expressionーー,
Reid: “ーーThe heck. Ya’re behind this too aye, young fish.”
“ーーーー”
With a damp voice, he told Subaru, who gnashed his molars at the anguish like a bowling ball had been thrown into the pit of his stomach.
Emilia: “ーー~hk, no! Don’t get any closer to Subaru!”
Immediately afterwards Emilia stepped ahead upon observing hazardous emotions levitating across Reid’s blue eyes. However, upon her advance Reid swung his arm in annoyance, purloining the ice sword driven into him and mercilessly struck Emilia’s shoulder with its handle, and energetically kicked her after she fell down.
Emilia: “Ah ~hk!”
Reid: “Ya’re in my way.”
Receiving the kick, Emilia got physically blown away. Much frighteningly, Reid did that with the leg whose knee was supposed to be captured in grip.
In other words, whilst continuing to have Ram cling to his leg, he had kicked and sent Emilia flying. In the end, no matter how much strength Ram may pour in, it could not do anything to Reid’s knee.
Ram: “Kgh, his limits know no end!”
Julius: “ーーPrepare yourself!”
Casting aside the advantage of locking him, Ram, like a chess piece, and Julius drew near him alongside.
However, the result of the attacks of the two was just as miserable.
His kick and his hand being used like a sword shot down Ram and Julius respectively, who were supposed to be at the pinnacle as warriors. Ram had her neck struck, Julius had his leg broken, all of them rendered incapable of standing.
Subaru: “ーーShit.”
And, in the aisle where comrades had fallen, Reid approached further, having literally eliminated the obstacles in his way. In front of his eyes was merely the groggy Subaru, who had taken up Emilia and others’ damage, and Beatrice, who had spread both of her arms wide as if shielding that Subaru.
Subaru: “Bea…… it’s no use……”
Beatrice: “It doesn’t matter if it’s no use or if it’s absurd, in fact. This is property protection of Subaru…… in this case, it is a special field of Betty’s, Subaru’s partner as well, I suppose.”
Beatrice’s voice of acting strong, right now, echoed far too vainly.
Even when trying to respond to that strong spirit of Beatrice’s, Subaru’s hands, legs, made no reaction to the fighting spirit. What Subaru had taken up was only damage, which seemingly rendered the actions of his comrades futile.
Three of them were merely conscious, that was the fruit their willpower bore.
Beatrice: “Reid, why are you aiming for Betty and the others…… for Subaru, in fact?”
Reid: “Cause it’s in the middle of the『Trial』, sayin’ that’d be a pretty outdated response. My original plan aside, that actually goes for that pretty one……”
Beatrice: “So what, I suppose.”
Reid: “By meetin’ that one firsthand, my mind changed. It’s disgustin’, so I’ll erase him.”
A judgement grounded on peculiar sensitivity, conversation could not work against such an opponent.
At the same time, with the possibility of him turning over his view wiped out Beatrice gnashed her pretty molars and glanced at Subaru lying behind, who had crumbled down and had been rendered immobile.
“ーーーー”
The reason why she took a tiny breath, was because she resolved her preparedness to fight and protect Subaru.
He wanted to tell her, to run away. However, what spilled out of Subaru’s lips was merely a hoarse breath.
Reid: “There ain’t any need for ya to go outta yer way and rush to yer death ya know, kid.”
Beatrice: “Unfortunately enough, living as if dead is utterly unwelcome at this point.”
Reid: “Hu~h, that so. Then, there ain’t any choice.”
With his name bearing the expression of a hero and a legend, he would not hurt a girl child.
Believing such thoughts to be as though illusions, the glint in Reid’s eye remained firm. It seemed to be sentencing as if the one standing in his path was naught but an infant.
Henceforth, without expecting any benevolence of ■, Beatrice was the first one to use all her might.
Beatrice: “Ul Minya.”
The emerging countless violet arrows submerged the aisle entirely, and completely blocked off any paths for Reid to escape through.
To fatally wound with the slightest contact was the special trait of Minya’s, fathoming that with a single glance, without flinching whatsoever, Reid curved his lips.
Beatrice: “Natsuki Subaru’s Great Spirit, Beatrice.”
Reid: “Good goin’. ーー『Stick Swinger』, Reid Astrea.”
With the mutual exchange of names, the atmosphere froze. Beatrice, with the violet crystals spread out in the air, and Reid, having picked up Julius’ knight sword that had fallen at his feet, prepared themselves.
“ーーーー”
Until the very end of the end, Subaru was unable to voice anything.
However, he kept his eyes open, he never closed them for even an instant.
His own decisions and choices, from the results they bore, he had been unable to avert his eyes.
He had been unable to avert themーー.
  △▼△▼△▼△
  ■ Count 15.
・『Gluttony』deserts, upon observing the situation to be visibly unfavourable.
・ Neglected Reid ultimately comes to kill Subaru with absolute certainty.
・ ーーNever again, will he let someone die before his own self.
  △▼△▼△▼△
  Subaru: “Beatrice ~hk.”
???: “Wah!? W-What happened, I suppose!? Subaru!? Subaru!?”
The moment he opened his eyes, he hugged the young girl before him without any forethought.
Astonished by the sudden action, the young girlーー Beatrice, stiffened her petite body.
It was his reunion with her, who had persisted with tragic preparedness until the previous moment. It turned into relief within his chest, along with unbearable guilt that breathed a painful wind into his ■.
Subaru: “Beatrice……”
He was grateful, he was able to meet her again.
Along with that, he felt apologetic for having her go through all of that.
Beatrice: “Subaru?”
Subaru: “ーーNo, it’s nothing. I do remember. You are Beatrice, I am Natsuki Subaru. You and I, are each other’s partners, now onwards too, please take care of me, please have fun with me, very good.”
Beatrice: “V-Very good, in fact……”
Beatrice, perplexed, raised her thumb at Subaru’s rhythmic words.
It was an expression that must not be existing in this different world, so it must be the result of Subaru poisoning her with it. Patting that head of hers, Subaru took in a deep inhale, and exhaled shortly.
Following that he switched over his consciousness, believing he must grasp the situationーー,
Beatrice: “Calm down, I suppose, Subaru.”
Subaru: “Eh?”
Beatrice: “Properly tell what happened, in fact. Did something happen inside the book, I suppose? Were Reid’s memories displayed? Betty aside, what about Emilia and everyone? Confirm whether you remember them, in fact. Properly recall, all things precious, I suppose.”
Subaru: “T-That’s…… yeah, hm, that’s right.”
Holding both of Subaru’s cheeks in her hands, Beatrice brought that to attention.
Hearing those words of her’s, in front of her hurried self he fell into slight reflection. It was a phenomenon that might happen to someone who was looping often.
For an individual piling up loops, the fresh taste of a happening eventually fades away.
With that, experience points gained with people for whom that happening is for the first time and react accordingly slips off, and suddenly people start to appear as not being peopleーー,
Subaru: “……I never thought, I’d be in that position.”
In those kinds of works, the mind and body falls into that state due to trials run tens, hundreds or times even more than that.
Compared to that, for Subaru it wasーー merely, the fifteenth time.
To stop thinking of people as people in merely fifteen times, perhaps it could be said his ■ was turning harsher.
Subaru: “Am I an idiot. No, I am an idiot.”
Casting away the weak, brittle, pathetic nature of his own ■, Subaru braced his mind.
He had only, died fifteen times yet, that is all. Without having made any progress, he had merely exhausted his life in indolence. How come did his such self, hold any right to proclaim that he was exhausted.
Such a thing did not exist for him. It did not.
Stand up, raise your face, clench your fists, Natsuki Subaru.
There’s nobody else except you. Except you.
ーーHad it been『Natsuki Subaru』, such failures never would have.
Beatrice: “ーーFrom the very beginning, Subaru has never been some superman capable of doing everything, in fact.”
“ーーーー”
Suddenly, Beatrice told Subaru, who had been repeatedly wondering to himself.
Subaru inhaled upon that comment and widened his eyes. Gazing into those black eyes of Subaru’s straightforwardly, Beatrice shook her head left and right, conceiving grief in her blue eyes.
Beatrice: “It can be said countless times, I suppose. Subaru is no such superman who can do anything, in fact. Always frantic about what lies in front, gets hurt for everyone’s sake…… even enduring pain is not something he is good at, he is a normal boy, I suppose.”
Subaru: “T-That’s not, possible. That’s not. After all, it should be that way……”
Beatrice: “It should be that way?”
Subaru: “It should be that way, only then can this……”
He firmly gripped to the pit of his stomach, gritting his molars, thinking back to the wounds of his arm, to the wounds within his body, to his arms which had grown slightly sturdier, to everyone who relied upon Subaru, to Emilia, to Beatrice, to Ram, to Julius, to Echidna, to Meili, to Shaula.
His guts were rumbling such that it was irritating.
They were rashly pushing away, more than the moment of being on the verge of death, but perhaps Subaru’s ■.
???: “So you have returned, Natsuki-kun…… Did something, happen?”
???: “Geez onii-sa~n, just when I thought you’ve worried everyone, it’s because of tha~t? No fighting with Beatrice-chan now onwa~rds.”
Disputing with Subaru and Beatriceーー no, it was nothing so stern.
However, looking at the state of the two facing him, they were Meili and Echidna returning from their patrolling of the library. Neither could he look at the faces of those two straightforwardly.
Echidna: “Beatrice, did something happen to Natsuki-kun? Was the impact, indeed, too much?”
Beatrice: “……It’s not as if that’s not true, in fact. But, Betty and the rest’s proper thought was far too lacking for Subaru, who had to experience that misery, I suppose.”
Echidna: “That is……”
Echidna furrowed her eyebrows at Beatrice, who turned her gaze downwards after staring at Subaru. However, she immediately pulled her chin in, as if having judged the circumstances,
Echidna: “Shaula, who had jumped out, and Julius, who went after her have not returned. I am also worried about Emilia-san and Ram-san who went to see Rem-san. I would like to join up with at least either of them, but……”
Beatrice: “……Echidna and Meili, head to the balcony, in fact. Betty will head to the Green Room and search for Emilia, I suppose. Stay sufficiently careful, in fact.”
Meili: “That’s okay bu~t, what’s onii-san going to do~?”
At Beatrice’s brisk instruction, Echidna and Meili’s lines of sight turned towards Subaru.
At those gazes, naturally, Subaru wanted to say he would accompany Beatrice but,
Beatrice: “ーーSubaru, will quietly stay here, I suppose.”
Subaru: “Wha……! Don’t say stupid stuff, Beatrice! I’m alright! My senses may certainly have dulled down after returning from the book but, they’ll immediately be in their place……!”
Informed by the standing Beatrice, Subaru reflexively snarled at those words. At the same pace, he poured strength into his legs in order to stand at the same level as them.
He poured strength into his legs butーー,
Subaru: “ーーAh?”
Beatrice: “Be in their place and, what then, in fact?”
At Beatrice’s question, Subaru looked down onto his legs in astonishment. Even if he tried to pour strength somehow, especially into his knees, he was unable to retain balance.
No matter what he did, his posture crumbled, and he was unable to stand up.
Subaru: “Why……”
Beatrice: “It’s a matter of course, I suppose. Subaru is always, working too hard, in fact.”
Subaru: “No, wait, please wait! Everything somehow working out when I’m at this level, that’s……”
“ーーーー”
Subaru: “That’s, not possible. I am……”
Shaking his head left and right in refusal, no matter how many times he tried, the result remained unchanged.
Even though he possessed no pain, no anguish, no fatigue, his will did not get conveyed to his limbs. And whilst he remained occupied with that, Beatrice ultimately took a single step in the direction of the staircase.
Beatrice: “ーーSubaru, Betty and the rest will cover whatever remains lacking, I suppose. That is why, you don’t have to think of doing anything and everything all alone, in fact, after all”
Subaru: “Beatrice……”
Beatrice: “After all, that is Natsuki Subaru, I suppose.”
Leaving behind a smile for Subaru, who widened his eyes in astonishment, Beatrice dashed. As if equalling her energy, Echidna and Meili also turned their backs towards Subaru,
Echidna: “Natsuki-kun, I have expectations from you. That you still might be able to give one last push.”
Meili: “I think it’s fine if you rest. But, it was onii-san who said some pretty grand stuff to me so~, work hard on that a bit more.”
Saying all they had to say, the figures of the three disappeared from the library, leaving Subaru behind, whom they had all spoken to.
If they were to take the staircase from the third layer, the three will encounter Julius, who must be making his way back around this timing. Or perhaps at this rate, Julius would not come and drag Subaru out, he had embraced that expectation as wellーー,
Subaru: “No way, he’d come…… if Beatrice, says all that.”
He respected that.
Much less, the Subaru after returning from the『Book of the Dead』had been seen by the two of Echidna and Meili. There was no way their kind selves, would not relay that.
However, that solicitude came at the cost of life. Even though, he did not want to see someone among his comrades die before him.
Subaru: “All because, I’m so weak…… because I’m losing my spirit, at just this level, why.”
Had it been the true『Natsuki Subaru』, he must not have halted his feet by just this. His rage towards his own worthless self, gave rise to warmth in Subaru’s chest.
However, alongside that, a separate feeling was also gushing forth.
That was, the words Beatrice had left behind.
‘ーーFrom the very beginning, Subaru has never been some superman capable of doing everything, in fact.’
‘It can be said countless times, I suppose. Subaru is no such superman who can do anything, in fact. Always frantic about what lies in front, gets hurt for everyone’s sake…… even enduring pain is not something he is good at, he is a normal boy, I suppose.’
What Beatrice had recited, the image of the『Natsuki Subaru』not present here.
Despite hearing that, Subaru was unable to believe that. It was difficult to believe in. After all, in accordance with that, that would truly mean he was just a normal human, isn’t it.
Subaru: “Something, must have happened. That must have changed you, isn’t it,『Natsuki Subaru』……”
Something, like an extravagant meeting with someone.
Something, like attaining an unbelievable power.
Something, like experiencing something his current self couldn’t even imagine.
Because something must have happened, which had allowed him to grow out of being the hopeless Natsuki Subaru, that『Natsuki Subaru』must have won the faith of everyone in his life in a different world.
Subaru: “It has to be like that……”
Without change, beating his legs, Subaru rolled up the sleeves of his clothes. Over there, a sarcoma with its origins not within Subaru’s memories had engraved a pattern.
Personally experiencing as if taking responsibility for that seeming curse over his body, its root perhaps still remained without changing. That was not possible.
That is why,『Natsuki Subaru』wasーー,
Subaru: “『Natsuki Subaru』, I summon you……”
Suddenly, what he had mouthed was the genesis of the suspicion he harboured for this world’s『Natsuki Subaru』.
The message for the existence absent here who had, upon times, engraved upon his arm, upon times, composed as if it were a curse and inscribed it on the room.
Seemingly finding it to be as if hexing someone who had stolen away the role which originally belonged to himself.
Subaru: “If, you really are within me, then…… come out now……!”
Gripping his arms powerfully, with strength such that his bones would grate, Subaru called for『Natsuki Subaru』who was withinーー no, who was not present here.
The existence who could achieve ideals which Subaru, who was present here, could never attain. He asked『Natsuki Subaru』to come out, if he was here.
Subaru: “Come, come, come……! Show yourself,『Natsuki Subaru』!!”
His arms had been lacking, so he latched to his neck with his hands. Of course, the deed of strangling oneself with his own hands, neither was it easy, nor could it be properly done.
In the first place, something as convenient as『Natsuki Subaru』showing his face when his life was in a predicament would never occur. Had that been the trigger, Subaru would have drawn him close twenty times now.
Just how many times『Natsuki Subaru』would have shown his face through that.
Subaru: “Shit, shit, shit…..! I am! I can’t, do it! You’re needed for this,『Natsuki Subaru』!”
Seizing the grasp on his trembling knees, Subaru powerfully struck the floor with his fist. Though his fist pained upon striking the floor of the library of unknown material properties, it could not possibly equal the sense of hopelessness tormenting his chest.
He wanted to save them. He truly, wanted to save everyone.
Nobody was in the wrong. Nobody would mutually hurt each other. He knew that. He could believe, without any wavering, that he could save, that he could love everything.
Even though he wanted to save his beloved everyone, he did not possess the power to save them.
Subaru: “Precisely now, is when you are needed, isn’t it…… and yet, why is it me. My weak, cowardly self, cannot save…… and yet.”
Even now, his legs could not move.
Due to that, he ended up making Beatrice, Echidna, Meili, those who had not been here, Emilia, Ram, Julius, Shaula, face their point of death.
Because Subaru had not been able to do anything, they, who had been destined to die, could not be saved.
Subaru: “……『Cor Leonis』.”
Whispering weakly, Subaru activated his own Authority, in order to be wounded.
The power of the『Little King』that dwelled within him immediately reported the positions of his comrades within the tower. On top of that, the reality of them heading to face their own end, of the tower heading to its demise.
Distant, having unrolled a violent battle, that light was Emilia. This time, Ram, who was supposed to stay by her side, her light was slightly distanced awayーー two separate lights, Patrasche and, Rem. She was accompanying them.
In the balcony, Shaula was struggling fiercely, and perhaps Meili had joined together there with her. Julius and Echidna seem to be moving together, and Beatrice, acting independently, was heading towards Emilia and the others is what he comprehended.
The flow was precisely as Beatrice’s instructions, and Subaru’s knowledge of the situation.
At the same pace, the current circumstance headed towards failure as wellーー.
Subaru: “ーー?”
With his mind directed by such negative thoughts, Subaru picked up a curious sense of discomfort.
As he turned his head towards his hindーー Subaru took an extensive look of the enormous library, filled with countless『Books of the Dead』,『Taygeta』.
“ーーーー”
It was an odd sensation.
Unmistakably, it was a sensation he was feeling for the first time. After all, ever since he grew conscious of his Authority of『Cor Leonis』, he had been activating it at this spot after『Returning by Death』.
Each time after that, Subaru headed for his comrades below, changing the cards he played repeatedly, running about for the sake of changing the situation, ultimately using and exhausting his own life.
That is why, activating the Authority in『Taygeta』was a matter of course for him.
However, after what Beatrice told him, stopping his feet here, a single step distant from the core and getting to overlook the situations within the tower, might have been the origin of this.
Thanks to that, what could this have been,
Subaru: “ーーThis, response is.”
Faintly, he could feel it, so dim that it felt as if it was about to disappear.
It was distant from his comrades within the tower, however, when compared to being felt with certainty, it was a fleeting, frail sensationーー but a sensation that was certainly present there.
Pushing himself and having his trembling legs move, Subaru advanced tardily like a caterpillar. After that, he quickly had his body lean onto the bookshelf and elevated his upper body with all his might.
Somehow leaning his body weight on the bookshelf, he stood up. And he stretched his hand out to the frail light about to disappear, and grasped it.
That grasped light, a single『Book of the Dead』, drawing that outーー,
“ーーーー”
He gulped down a single inhale.
A single book, with just the title upon its black binding, a book terribly dull and stale.
However, it possessed profound meaning for Subaru.
Becauseーー,
Subaru: “ーーNatsuki Subaru.”
ーーThere present was, the『Book of the Dead』not supposed to be there.
(


Chapter 74
ーーWith the 『Book of the Dead』 which had 『Natsuki Subaru』 inscribed on it in his hands, he stood still.

Subaru: “ーーーー”

Widening his dark eyes in astonishment, Subaru felt his throat rapidly turning parched.
Modest expressions such as astonishing or stupefying would be far too lacking. What had struck Subaru at that moment was something much more serious, something as if numbing harm.
A lethal toxic which would wield affect only when used on Subaru, and nobody elseーー.

The 『Book of the Dead』 of 『Natsuki Subaru』, was piercing through Subaru whilst commanding such powerful connotation.

Subaru: “Wh, y……”

So, the 『Book of the Dead』 not supposed to be here was present here.
What was supposed to be present in the third layer of Pleiades Watchtower, 『Taygeta』 were the 『Books of the Dead』 recording the lives of the departed. Having the book of a living being was contradictory.
Or perhaps, could this mean he simply, by chance, had found the book of a human with the same name and surname.

Subaru: “That would have actually been convincing, had this not been a different world……”

The possibility that rose to the surface in his mind, was instantly repudiated.
Though it was a matter of course, this place was a different worldーー in this place, where even the rules of naming would be vastly different from what Subaru was aware of, why would a name like 『Natsuki Subaru』 take birth here.
Even before that, there lay a decisive issue.

The title of that book of 『Natsuki Subaru』, had been written in Kanji.

Subaru: “ーーーー”

From what all Subaru had witnessed till now, even letters were disparate in this different world. That is why, even if someone else, aside from Subaru, who did not know of the world’s letters were to see it, they would probably perceive this title as if being hieroglyphic characters or something of that sort.
If that were to be considered, the unbelievable chances of Subaru finding the 『Book of the Dead』 of 『Natsuki Subaru』 here through sheer luck wereーー,

Subaru: “ーーIt’s predetermined and established, whom this belongs to.”

He could only think of that being true.

Subaru: “ーーーー”

Once again, with the 『Book of the Dead』 in his hands, Subaru silenced himself and pondered.
The reason why Subaru happened upon this 『Book of the Dead』, was because he had depended upon the dim response he had spied out through 『Cor Leonis』.
This had not been the first or second time he had searched for a book in the library, though Subaru was mindful of it, discovering the book being aimed for in this enormous archive was a deed next to impossible to achieve.
Perhaps, the kind unattainable unless god’s invisible hand was being put to work.

Subaru: “Or perhaps, not god, but someone’s……”

Subaru convicted, as if having anticipated that.
The rest lay, in the authenticity of this 『Book of the Dead』ーー whether what was depicted here, was truly the life of 『Natsuki Subaru』 or not. If it was depicted indeed, then what sort of a trick was behind it.
As the solemn truth, Subaru was here, alive.
If the 『Book of the Dead』 of this Subaru was truly here thenーー,

Subaru: “Am I being treated as deceased, ever since I lost my memories…… the 『Books of the Dead』 of 『Taygeta』, that Hall of Memories, is even observing the worlds I die in……?”

If that were the case, then in no way is it inconceivable that it was depicting Subaru’s 『Deaths』 in some type of form through the 『Book of the Dead』. However, in that case, what did that make of 『Return by Death』.

Subaru: “Whether it rewinds time, or does it rebuild the world itself, I had given a thought to both but……”

For the argument’s sake, in the case that the 『Books of the Dead』 assumed a method to generate the book of 『Natsuki Subaru』, it could not be helped but to reach the conviction that the latter had much more likelihood. If that holds true, then the phenomenon which encased this Natsuki Subaru was not something as charming as 『Return by Death』 butーー,

Subaru: “Am I, an idiot. No, I am an idiot…… Damn, coward.”

Sensing his contemplation disarray into a slant, Subaru abused himself.
Why his thoughts had gone astray, he understood the reason for that by immediately noticing his own cowardice. ーーHe was merely, frightened of the 『Book of the Dead』.

What would happen when he would read the book of 『Natsuki Subaru』.

He was frightened, of that happening whose course was completely unfathomable. That is why, pursuing the hypothesis lacking all foundation, he was trying to delay it and keep delaying it.
Of opening up the first page, of the book within his hands.

Subaru: “ーーーー”

Though it was not a hypothesis which came into being merely five minutes ago or anything, the fact that the 『Book of the Dead』 of 『Natsuki Subaru』 was present here was strange, but for Subaru, it was also salvation.
Subaru also considered the evidence that it had not popped up and appeared at just this instant.
However, along with that, it also held the meaning that a 『Natsuki Subaru』 other than himself, had certainly existed and had walked his own path in this different world, and also that Subaru was trampling upon those footsteps from above, laying waste to them, and painting them out.
That is why, all that was left was to gain confirmation.

Subaru: “First of all, as the 『Book of the Dead』 of 『Natsuki Subaru』…… where does this thing start from, and where does it end at?”

At Meili’s instance, precisely from her infancy onwardsーー ever since she gained awareness of ■, ever since her memories had been established as memories, even her half death was able to be followed up to.
However, how would things unfold in Subaru’s case. ーーHaving read the 『Book of the Dead』, it originated with sprouting as self-consciousness identical to that of Meili, facing growth over time, and finally, where it all came to an end.

If 『Natsuki Subaru』 is being counted as deceased instead of the present Natsuki Subaru who lost his memories, to follow up to 『Natsuki Subaru’s』 memories till the moment immediately preceding the loss of memories, would be natural, or perhaps not.

Instead, perhaps it would follow up to the memories of the present Subaru, who had lost his memories, and awakened inside the tower. In that scenario, which 『Death』 would it choose for the end.
Otherwise, as Reid’s 『Book of the Dead』, what would merely be present would be a wreckage of memories turned void.

Just as the memories of Reid, which had been recorded in the 『Book of the Dead』, had disappeared from within the book in order to reconstruct him as the trial taker of this tower, the memories of 『Natsuki Subaru』 had also possibly disappeared.
That is why, what would be visible after opening this book would not be the memories of 『Natsuki Subaru』, butーー,

Subaru: “ーーIn the end, what do you want to do, cowardly bastard.”

Does he desire to see it, does he desire not to see it.
Disdaining his own self, who had been unable to easily respond to that, reprimanding the fearfully curled up ■, he exhaled.
After coming this far, it was inconceivable to opt for not seeing it. Even if it had risen to the surface as an option, he could not even envisage the lunacy of choosing it.

That is why, that is why, that is why, that is why, that is whyーー,
And then, and then, and then, and then, and thenーー,

Subaru: “ーー~hk.”

Taking a powerful breath in, he opened up, the 『Book of the Dead』.
And, the journey of 『Natsuki Subaru』, of an unknown origin and an unknown terminationーー.

△▼△▼△▼△
  ーーThis is seriously bad.

Tasting a solid sensation on his face, his brain was being scorched by the flaming heat in his abdomen.
Violent fever which restricted even his breathing, his head felt hot as if magma had been poured into his blood vessels. Yet his limbs turned colder and heavier, the inconsistent sensations jolting his existence down to the very soul itself.

His thoughts screamed about what had occurred. His thoughts screamed that he must do something.
With those flowing in and intertwining, he gave rise to a screech.

However, his consciousness, which was screaming he must do something, proved to be futile.
The moment he moved his hands in an attempt to break out of the deadlock, and touched his guts, which were the origin of the scorching heat, his palm was drenched wet with thick blood, and he understood that further blood also had the floor drenched.

ーーAh, is all of this, my blood.

Though he was unaware of the amount of blood that had flowed on and inundated the floor, the bleeding had not been of the level of blood donation and so forth. The source of his life streaming out, did not put a halt to the fragile lamp of life.
In short, his flesh body had already commenced the countdown to death.

Even still, the reason why ■ had not died yet, was because for this life of his, which was heading towards its death, there yet remained a mission to fulfill.

ーーHe had, to raise his voice.

He must raise his voice.
Watch out. It’s dangerous. Don’t come here. Run. Without turning back even once, run at full speed.

And, he must inform about the hazard.
He must convey it to her, inform her about danger, so that she does not enter this place.

And yetーー,

“ーーーー”

He was unable to raise his voice.
What spilled out instead, was the nauseating warm blood clot. With his throat clogged by that, he was rendered incapable of bringing out even a single uncouth word. Violently coughing, the scorching heat in his abdomen expanded.
Ache and agony, misery and disorder, andーー,

“ーーbaru?”

The tone of the silver bell’s voice, eventually took a step into the space it must not enter.

“ーーーー”

He had to stop that, no matter what.
And yet, he did not make it.
Though he had to do that even if it meant selling his life away for it, just because his guts had gotten lacerated.

“ーー~hk!”

A scream echoed, someone collapsed down onto the floor along with a violent report.
The hand of that fallen someone, overlapping with hand of his fallen self, was an offensive prank on part of the far too ironic fate. In all ways, the wickedness of the one known as fate was far too onerous to describe with words.

“ーーーー”

Those weakly trembling fingers, softly grasped that overlapping hand. Grasping back that sensation of fingers, as if they were clinging and relying upon, Subaru deeply, deeply, along with that clump of blood, inhaled.

“……ait.”

The overflowing clot of blood, the seeping and streaming away life. He could not, stop that outward flow of blood.

No longer, could he do anything. This situation, had reached its absolute limits.
All due to a single powerless, incompetent man, everything was going to start afresh.

That is why, his vow dyed with this blood, wielded no significance.
Even though he knew nothing could be done, his idiocy yet commanded him to vow.

Even though he knew it was over.
Even though he knew it will be over.
As if those were not coming to an end, disgracefully, he vowed.

“I will, for sureーー”

ーーSave, you.

At the next instant, heーー Natsuki Subaru 『Natsuki Subaru』 『Natsuki Subaru』 lost his life.
△▼△▼△▼△

The moment the connection was severed, Subaru sensed firm pain at the back of his head.

Subaru: “Gahーー ~hk.”

The impact reverberating in his skull, he hallucinated as if he had been suddenly struck from behind, but he immediately understood that he was mistaken. Because, Subaru’s body had collapsed right behind, and he could feel the entirety of his back make contact with the chilling floor.

Subaru: “This, place is……”

Icy and dim, not in the soiled building, but he was in the library of 『Taygeta』.
Slowly pouring energy back into his body, turning about his dumbfounded head, Subaru turned his neck aroundーー and then, touched his own guts with great perplexity.
There supposed to be present, was the wound which would diminish his life.
Howeverーー,

Subaru: “Not, there…… not there, not there, the wound is, not there. The slash, in the guts, is not there…… ~hk.”

Touching his guts countless times, he confirmed the disappearance of the origin of scorching heat. Within the spectacle he had witnessed immediately previously, that utmost vivid sensation was vanishing.
He had heard that the brain hallucinates ache far too scorchingly hot as a “fever”. A phenomenon identical to what had occurred. In other wordsーー,

Subaru: “ーーA memory, of having the guts be slashed open, and dying.”

The end of having the guts cut open by a sharp edged tool, drowning in the foam of blood and powerlessness, and dying.
Finally, if he himself had alone been the one to die by that, it was still excusable. However, that was not how it had been.

Subaru: “Satella……”

What he whispered, at the very end of the end, the girl he had been unable to save, her nameーー her alias.
Within that memory, the silver-haired young girl he recognised had fabricated her name and come in contact with Subaru. What had been the reason behind that. Though it was evident no evil intent was the reason for it.

Subaru: “……Still, dying such an uncouth way.”

Putting his hand on his forehead, Subaru ruminated about what had occurred to his own body.
Summoned to the different world, wandering aimlessly in the town with foolish positivity, picking up a quarrel with delinquents and almost dying, saved by Satella from that, and assisting her in her search for what she was looking forーー,

Subaru: “Completely useless……”

At the final moment, without even conveying the crisis he was supposed to convey, he ended up having her get involved as well.
Not just dying wastefully, the word vain in the expression dying in vain could not even make for an excuse.
The life of Natsuki Subaruーー 『Natsuki Subaru』 could never compensate for it.

Subaru: “But.”

It was not as if he had gained absolutely nothing from it.

Subaru: “ーーThis was, the 『Book of the Dead』 of 『Natsuki Subaru』.”

That alone was the certain, absolute, unquestionable truth.

Subaru: “ーーーー”

Hopeless, foolish, weak, irredeemable 『Natsuki Subaru』.
He continued to enlarge his absurd self-consciousness, overlapping with that, averted his eyes away from his lack of filial piety. And finally, using being summoned into the different world as a convenient means of escaping, and by exhibiting pessimistic positivity, he became a swindler trying deceive himself, those around him, anything and everything.

The result of that idiocy, had tied together with the tragedy in that loot storehouse.

What a pretentious, naive, and foolish failure had it been.
How come, could he stay defenseless at that hazardous place. What gave your idiotic self such baseless confidence. Like that, it would not be odd to get killed overseas, let alone in a different world. That lack of vigilance was to blame. The result of it all, must be that.

It had been so unsightly, such that he would have wanted to kill himself had he survived.

Subaru: “That hopeless, idiotic bastard…… but.”

Evidently, it had been fatal foolishness, but it was fortuitous to have it affirmed.
Putting a check on his rage, enduring it, he scrutinized that truth closely.

The 『Book of the Dead』 was certainly functioning. That book had recorded the death of 『Natsuki Subaru』. And, it thrust a great number of truths, which were a matter of course for 『Natsuki Subaru』, at Natsuki Subaru, for whom there was no way to know them.

ーーTo name it specifically, it was the sequence of events of obtaining 『Return by Death』.
As per convention, an existence who was god, or wielded similar strength, normally in a transcendental state of being, summoned Subaru to the different world.
However, for that 『Natsuki Subaru』, if he were to not have the memories of being summoned by such a transcendental being, there would be no occasion where he would get to know whom he got the power granted to him from and how he grew conscious of that power.
That was something Subaru could affirm, who had seen the end of that 『Natsuki Subaru』 for himself.

At the very end of the end, though he had been blabbering things without knowing when to give up, at that moment, 『Natsuki Subaru』 was supposed to not have any confirmation that he would overcome death, and rewind time.
At the very least, he himself had been like that. ーーThinking that far, he abruptly noticed.

That he, and 『Natsuki Subaru』, had not been objected well visually.
The reason for that, evident.

Subaru: “It’s diving more deeply in, than on, Meili’s instance……”

When he had read Meili’s 『Book of the Dead』, and personally experienced her life, he had tasted the sensation of having his mind undergo influence quite severely as well. Halfway melting together with her personality, Meili appeared within his mind as a symptom of hallucination, such that she said all what she wanted to say, and was toying around with Subaru.
Above all, that had ultimately been a Meili fabricated by Subaru’s consciousness, utterly unrelated to the real Meili, an illusion brought forth by chaos, he was aware of that.

Subaru: “ーーーー”

However, this instance’s 『Book of the Dead』 demarcated a line between itself and Meili’s experience.
All things said and done, in the chaos immediately after reading Meili’s book, still present were clues to differentiate between himself and her. The difference in gender, the difference in age, the difference in values, there were plenty.
Detaching himself from her through those clues, even if slightly, it was a possibility to withdraw the comprehension that she was an entirely different existence.

However, that was not how it was this time.
None other than he himself was the party concerned. His self who was not himself, a situation which normally would not manifest, it layed expectation upon Natsuki Subaru, and pushed him into his fight with himself.

His fight with himself. ーーJudging by mere words, those were not words too cliché, but they were words which evidently and straightforwardly denoted the situation which Subaru had currently been placed in.

The truth is, he possessed a negative outlook.
Overlapping with his self, rather meant an act of painting his self out. The water washed by the dark paint called 『Natsuki Subaru』, dyed him as if with a paintbrush that had been dipped in that.

Subaru: “ーーEmilia. Emilia, Emilia, Emilia, Emilia, Emilia.”

At the sensation of feeling himself be painted out, Subaru called Emilia’s name, as if it were some magic.
The reason why he chanted Emilia, that reason was evident. The 『Natsuki Subaru』 inside the 『Book of the Dead』, did not recognise her as Emilia.
Trusting the alias he had been told, he saw through his duties as a buffoon till the very end of the end.
That is why, that was the difference between the present Subaru, and 『Natsuki Subaru』.

Subaru: “ーーーー”

With the roots of his teeth quivering, fearing the sensation of his self being whittled, Subaru looked at his feet. The single book he had dropped thoughtlessly, that had fallen there.

Subaru: “ーーーー”

He continued to observe, such that 『Natsuki Subaru』 would have died.
If considered now, mysteriously enough, the 『Book of the Dead』 commenced from the moment he arrived into the different world, from when he had shouted out the change of worlds with a foolishly bare expression. Even though for Meili’s instance, it had properly commenced since she gained the awareness of ■ーー no, for now, all that was of no significance.

The problem was, the continuation to that 『Book of the Dead』.

Subaru: “You must be thinking, the same, “Natsuki Subaru”……”

Thanks to the 『Book of the Dead』, he was able to witness what was perhaps the 『Death』 of 『Natsuki Subaru』 when he was first summoned into the different world for himself.
However, that was merely the beginning.
That 『Natsuki Subaru』, must have also utilised the power of 『Return by Death』.
Otherwise, that may have been a power which had manifested not in the form of 『Return by Death』 but something further different. ーーNo, that was the natural state of affairs.

Rewinding time at will, that was much more convincing.
For 『Natsuki Subaru』, who was met by Emilia, Beatrice, Ram, Echidna, Julius, Meili, Shaula, Patrasche, Gyan, and was expected to play an active role, something like that was much more suitable.
In that caseーー,

Subaru: “That must be there, ahead of this……”

『Natsuki Subaru』, who seemed to be no different from Natsuki Subaru.
However, there present was something decisive which caused that 『Natsuki Subaru』 to be 『Natsuki Subaru』. Seeking that, Subaru, at once, held the book in his hands.
And, closing his eyes, took deep breaths.

Subaru: “ーーーー”

With the book in his hands, Subaru counted the beating of his chest. And while calming his ■ down, he slowly commenced walking.
A slow gait, however, straightforward, lacking all faltering.
Before long, where Subaru had reached was in front of the bookshelf, and as he stretched his hand outーー,

Subaru: “ーーSecond book.”

The single book following 『Natsuki Subaru』, made a weak assertion of itself through 『Cor Leonis』.

△ ▼ △ ▼ △ ▼

ーーThe progress 『Natsuki Subaru』 made, was unsightly, haphazard, irredeemable.

“Completely useless. A novice as per appearance, with crude movements. Neither with any Divine Protections nor with any skills, imagined that there would at least be some instinct or intelligence, but not even that. Just, why must you challenge.”

Tormented by the self-indulging mighty enemy, he was minced without being able to even launch a proper counterattack.
And in the environs of his wounded self, was a bloodstained old man and a golden-haired girl, collapsed. Neither of them could be saved. He could not even move.

“Slowly, slowly, slowly, slowly, slowly, agonize.”

Before long, with his guts sliced, with his eyes sliced, within the world where he lost his eyesight, with a time limit running against his life, he lived the time until his death nestling close with dismay.
Until the very end of the end, all whilst fearing, shivering, dreading, disgracefullyーー,

△ ▼ △ ▼ △ ▼
  “Hey, did you get stabbed.”

“It can’t be helped, you know. Try running outside. It’s more than just difficult.”

“A~h, this won’t do. If the insides of the guts get wounded then it’s death for sure…… The clothes are all a mess too.”
  Fallen with the opponent overhead of him, did he truly intend to make such heedless dialogue.
He must use his brain for such worthless thoughts, otherwise he would be rendered unable to comprehend the shocking pain piercing through his back.
A technique to escape pain, or a method to protect himself, to have possession of them would have astonished him to the bottom of his ■.

He was unable to save himself, from the truly futile, vain death.
Calling the girl Satella while she was not Satella, having to hear harsh words from her due to that, unable to sense the strikingly obvious situation, killed by the opponent whom he already had tasted before abandoning thought.
A suitable end. Why, from the beginning to the end, could he not live without regretting even for a second, even for a minute.

Enough. This world was going to end. He knew it.
Because from the very beginning, he knew and could see 『Death』, and henceforth came here. That is why, if there was not something decisive present, it was the end of this world. As it is the end, as it is the end, go to the next one. Go to the next, to the next, to the next, to the next, to the next, to the next. Otherwise, it hurts, it hurts, it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts and it hurts and it’s painful and it’s unbearably hurtful but something must be carried on to the nextーー.

△▼△▼△▼△
  The demise that was brought to him whilst he was asleep, contrary to a swift and easy end, was accompanied with mercilessness as if chilling venom was poured into his blood vessels.
The arrival of the 『Death』 whereby he couldn’t even comprehend he had died, compared to the 『Deaths』 till now in which he was unable to detach pain and suffering from himself, was perhaps the easiest one is what he believed.
However, in no way was that true.

Why, did he die. First of all, did he really die.
Within humans fearful of 『Death』, the wish to die as if sleeping is substantially present, but if Subaru, who had experienced that, were to be asked, then he would respond that it was not worth wishing for.

In 『Death』, there lies the meaning of 『Death』.

In the demise, denouement of life, something which is learnt from it must be attached to the end.
Within chaos and despair, fright and yearning, Subaru sought the subsequent 『Book of the Dead』. He must unravel what had occurred. He must unravel, what had killed his selfーー.

△▼△▼△▼△
  ーーMysteries invited further mysteries, as incomprehensible and irrational 『Deaths』 followed him.

Overlapping ends, continual tragedies.
Though he had refused dying as if sleeping, dying as if being shattered, as if being gouged out, were indeed not pleasant either.

From next to next, his life was aimed for, robbed, shattered, and finally, betrayed.

Why, was no longer the question for that.
Why, must he have to save the blue-haired girl, who had killed his self.

Why, did his self become so frantic in order to save her, why, did she give such a powerful push to Subaru’s back, who was crushed and knelt down.
Why, did he gain strength by her words, and resolve to move forward.

Ahead of betrayal, he earnestly yearned.
For the desire which had actually not been betrayed, for the world which affirmed that it was correct.

『Natsuki Subaru』, offered his life as indemnification for the sake of the fruitless, sorrowful misunderstanding of saving someone, and prized it open through sheer strength.

Meeting Emilia, meeting Puck, meeting Felt, meeting Grandpa Rom, meeting Reinhardt, meeting Elsa, meeting Beatrice, meeting Ram, meeting Rem, meeting Roswaal, meeting Petra, meeting the residents of Arlarm villageーー,

ーーNo matter what, he will thrust refusal at any muddy stream that may advance upon them, is what he believed.

△▼△▼△▼△
  Subaru: “Ugh, bhu…… ~hk.”

Putting a check on his lips, facing assailing death once again, Subaru knelt down in the library of 『Taygeta』. Without supporting his body, he collapsed onto the bare ground as if falling.

Subaru: “Hah, hah……”

His breath was rough, what drenched the entirety of his body was abundant cold sweat.
Whether it was hot, whether it was cold, whether it was bitter, whether it was sweet, whether it was agonizing, whether it was pleasant, his feelings were blended into a heterogeneous mixture of likes and dislikes, black and white, and he was unable to comprehend the correct answer.
It felt as if he was being struck from all angles and directions ceaselessly, from next to next.

Subaru: “……With this, eight books.”

Discovering the 『Books of the Dead』 of 『Natsuki Subaru』, and ever since he commenced reading them, he was merely piling up the number of books.
To say the number of books, was something odd in itself as well. Not that the numbering kept on ascending, originally, to have the “next book of the same series” for a book present in this library was not how it was supposed to be.

Yet, the books of 『Natsuki Subaru』 kept on piling up the number of books readily, and continued.
Adding to the mystery, the structure of not being able to find the next book of 『Natsuki Subaru』 unless the first book of 『Natsuki Subaru』 was readーー it all commenced orderly.
Without skipping a single 『Death』 for the purpose of an interval, he followed the footsteps of 『Natsuki Subaru』.

And, whilst following the footsteps, he thought.
About how tactlessly frank, incorrigible, immature 『Natsuki Subaru』 was.

Particularly the last book, observing the fate of the eighth 『Book of the Dead』, it was impossible to not feel that way.
Immediately after the announcement of the royal election, fracturing his relationship with Emilia, ultimately, merely hurting her ■ simply because he could, without any apology or retrospection, dying within the chaos was 『Natsuki Subaru』.

His self who was reading the books, sunk with his consciousness equivalent with the subjectivity of the 『Book of the Dead』.
Merely the people concerned were supposed to particularly experience that effect, but it was still difficult to tolerate.

His self, who thought why did he not understand, was present.
On the other hand was his self, who thought why did he lament by not understanding through that, as well.

Subaru: “Don’t be trapped, in the past……”

It was a tragedy he had witnessed with these eyes an instant ago, that is why, his body ached as if being torn off.
However, that was the past. At maximum, a happening that had occurred in the past.

Even if it was a happening right in front of the eyes for 『Natsuki Subaru』, who faced 『Death』 at that instant.
Even if it was a happening right in front of the eyes for Subaru, who was in agreement with 『Natsuki Subaru』, who faced that instant.

That was the past.
Persisting by turning into a wound difficult to forget, it was the past.
That is why, at the present instant, take a breather and escape the impact. Forget it. That someone, killed Emilia. That someone, committed that terrible spectacle in the village.

If not, then ■ would get shattered.

What would he do, should Subaru’s ■ shatter here, rendered unable to stand up.
How would someone, do something. 『Natsuki Subaru』 was not present here. That is why, there was no other choice but for Subaru to somehow manage through.

Subaru: “Not, yet……”

ーーHas it been found.

Subaru: “ーーーー”

There was supposed to be something decisive existing, bestowed only upon 『Natsuki Subaru』.
It would be the key to precisely distinguish between Natsuki Subaru, and 『Natsuki Subaru』. At the very least, until that key was procured, this voyage of going through 『Books of the Dead』 shall not terminate.

The decisive key, which made Natsuki Subaru grow wings and attain flight, as 『Natsuki Subaru』.
The key which changed him into the saviour who could catch Emilia, Beatrice, Rem, Ram, Echidna, Julius, Meili, Shaula, Patrasche, Gyan, from falling.

At the current instant, there were no signs of it.
『Natsuki Subaru』 could not possibly possess the mettle, the magnanimity, to be a saviour or a hero, to be able to fulfill the immense duty of saving someone.
What he possessed was merely standing out stubbornness, and the good fortune of being blessed by the people around him.
However, that was not all.

It was not that formless “something”.
He possessed the omnipotent key, something which was further apparent, evident, which could be recognised at a single glance, which convinced everyone that he had the ability because he possessed that.
He possessed it. That is why, seeking thatーー,

Subaru: “ーーNumber, nine.”

Once again he tackled, the samsara of 『Death』, whirling with mayhem and chaos, betrayal and despair.
His wish, 『Natsuki Subaru』. To turn into you, as fast as possible.

ーーBefore I, am no longer able to bear with your footsteps, your wounds, 『Death』, in my ■.

△▼△▼△▼△
  ーー『Deaths』, were accumulated relentlessly.
ーーEnds, were relentlessly accumulated.

Each time he felt ache, each time he was in agony, each time he lost something, each time he was robbed of something, he heard the sound of ■ cracking.
Crying and screaming why and how, gritting his molars thinking it ends here, standing up whilst vomiting blood, sheathed in wounds, he advanced.

The struggle of an uncouth man risking his life, was present there.
Not once but twice, not twice but thrice, not thrice but four times and so forth, getting cornered by situations and expiring, yet, he held his ground in order to smash through the lock of turmoil.

That was amazing. Plenty amazing. Truly worthy of respect.
To not give up, that was something quite amazing. Even after experiencing so much, gritting teeth so much, to fight to the bitter end was amazing. Truly admirable. Improved opinions. ーーBut, that was not it.

But, that was not it. That was not it. That was not it. That was not it indeed.

Subaru: “Something was…… ~hk.”

ーー”Something” was, supposed to have happened, isn’t it.

“Something” must have happened. Otherwise, it would not make sense. Otherwise, things would not hold true.
“Something” happened, which made the impotent, irremediable Natsuki Subaru develop wings, attain flight and turn into 『Natsuki Subaru』, who could save everyone, someone, Emilia and the others, that was how it was supposed to be.

That was why, he was searching for it, dying, losing sanity, with bloodshot eyes.

Upon each instance of reading the 『Books of the Dead』, personally experiencing the impact, terror, and the agony of 『Death』 which 『Natsuki Subaru』 had to taste by trifling with the altering situations, he grew further desperate and pursued his search.
Yet, he was unable to find a single clueーー,

Subaru: “Ugh, a~a~a~a~a~ーー ~hk ~hk!!”

He struck his head onto the floor.
It was alright when he was in the midst of witnessing it. However, the instant he returned, his ■ was fomented with disgrace.

Subaru: “Dad…… mom…… ~hk.”

There had been 『Natsuki Subaru』, who exchanged words with his father and mother, and apologized to the two of them.
There had been 『Natsuki Subaru』, who was thrown into the different world, and for the sake of residing in this place, bid farewell to those two.
Even after carelessly forgetting what all his self had committed, knowingly of the fact that his parents would be saddened, conveying words of love for self-satisfactionーー.

Subaru: “Ugh, bhu, e~e~e~gh.”

He vomited. His tears, overflowing.
What was hurtful, what was excruciating, was that he was painfully aware of the feelings of 『Natsuki Subaru』, and the fact that Subaru also got to know, that his parents forgave it.

Please don’t forgive. Please curse. He wished his parents would speak ill of him, call him out for lacking filial piety.

However, they did not act that way.
Neither his father nor his mother, be as per Subaru’s wishes. In order to console himself, he wished his parents to call him a petty human or things similar. He was unable to achieve that.
Subaru’s father, Kenichi. Subaru’s mother, Naoko. ーーThey were the greatest couple of parents.

There had been his self, who was happy for that, there had been his self, who approved of the judgement 『Natsuki Subaru』 took, despite lacking all rights to be saved, there had been his self, who was going to be saved, making his ■ unsightly.

ーーThis. Was this the source for it? With this being the reason, did he turn into 『Natsuki Subaru』.

Subaru: “No…… no, no, no! That’s not it! Not something like, this!”

Scratching his head violently, striking his aching eyebrows with his fist, Subaru disparaged his own self.
What Subaru sought, was not spiritual salvation. What he sought was a key, ーーa power further evident, which was established in terms of proper efficacy.

The power which Subaru was ignorant of, which only 『Natsuki Subaru』 was cognizant of.

Just as Subaru had succeeded in the manifestation of 『Cor Leonis』, the special “something” which only 『Natsuki Subaru』 had awakened, that, that was.

Subaru: “The key to change this situation, I have to believe it is, or……”

The laceration of his guts, which had been the very last cause of his death from the present moment, touching the wound he was supposed to have from that, Subaru whispered.
His memories, started to overlap with what he had witnessed in Meili’s 『Book of the Dead』. The assault on the mansion, Meili’s both beloved and troublesome elder sister, Elsa’s attack. A natural enemy for 『Natsuki Subaru』.

However, that was all about a world where everything came to an end.
That was all about a world which 『Natsuki Subaru』 already surmounted.

What was crucial, was not sympathising with 『Natsuki Subaru』. But unveiling, and obtaining, the deception only he was supposed to possess, which only he was using.
For that, only for that, read the 『Books of the Dead』.


ーーBecause only for that, Natsuki Subaru had been dying and redoing his actions.


Subaru: “Please tell me, 『Natsuki Subaru』! ーーHow are you special! How can only you, stay being special! There must be “something”, right!?”

Subaru: “”Something”, must have changed you! “Something”, must have rid you of your uselessness, and turned you into someone else!”

Subaru: “Please change my weak, pathetic, petty self who can’t be useful for shit! I’m fed up now! I can’t see everyone suffering, not anymore!”

Subaru: “”Something”…… “something”! Is there, right!? If “something” isn’t there then, it doesn’t make sense…… “something”, happened…… that’s why, you are…… different from, me…… it has to be that way……”

ーーIt has to be that way, or he will be rendered incapable of doing anything, but to simply watch.

Subaru: “You were, the same as me, weak, petty, completely powerless……”

ーーKneeling down time and time again, and on each instance having someone give a push to his back, as he wanted to recompense everyone who acted courteously towards him, as they had acted kindly towards him, he wanted to pay them back.

Subaru: “Please, 『Natsuki Subaru』. I request you. Please, just stop……”

ーーIt would have had been much, much better, had he been a superhuman.
ーーHe wished for him to be an existence completely dissimilar to his self, one who had transcended above weakness with both his ■ and body.

ーーThat is why, he wished to be convinced by him that he had done, what his self could never achieve.

And yetーー.

Drawing books out as if plucking berries, having his head struck by continually stockpiling 『Death』, all whilst having ■ shatter upon each instance of that, eagerly, earnestly, as if sipping mud, he ate into his life.
But still, until the very end of the end, he did not cast aside the possibility he clung ontoーー.

Subaru: “ーーーー”

He opened up, the book he had in his grasp.
With the preparedness of his brain tissues being churned, his ■ being violated, his soul being humiliated, he opened it up.
After all, it was far more painful to have the very last hope severed rather than feeling ache or anguish.

Subaru: “You get it, right, 『Natsuki Subaru』……”

As if, seemingly seeking consent, he called out to the person concerned who was not in presence here.
The tone of that voice, felt as if it had sustained a terrible loss of ambition, it could not be helped.

After all, the person concerned was not someone to be enthusiastic about.
He was not, that great of a man. ーーWhilst wishing for that to not happen, his fingers as if pulling a rope, he started to draw the 『Book of the Dead』 out.
And, what will follow will certainly be the finishing blow, harbouring such feelingsーー,

???: “ーーYeah, I get it.”

Subaru: “ーーーー”

A white, white world.
Upon noticing, Subaru was not in the library, nor a shapeless existence overlapping with memories, but had been sent a place which he recognised, which was not here.
Thereーー,

???: “I get it, Natsuki Subaru.”

Subaru: “ーーーー”

???: “After all, because you are me, you know.”

Standing still within the white world, sanpaku eyes he was well acquainted with, had been awaiting Subaru.


Chapter 75
Short, black hair, legs with the same length as his upper body, sanpaku eyes enough to kill someone.
Those almost unpleasantly familiar features no matter which one was to be chosen, were overlooking Natsuki Subaru whilst sitting on the white, bare ground.
Subaru: “ーーーー”
Astounded, fixedly, he gazed a deep stare into the opposing person’s face.
No matter which angle he looked at it from, it was a face he was acquainted withーー no, it looked slightly different. That was perhaps because it was, in a true sense, not the form he was accustomed to seeing.
That which he had grown accustomed to looking at ordinarily, on overwhelmingly multiple occasions, was something reflected upon mirrors or the surface of water. Strictly speaking, the human face was not perfectly symmetrical on both halves, that alone shaped a sensitive disparity.
That is whyーー,
???: “Ah, is that so. It’s not a mirror’s reflection so it feels a bit awkward, huh. In that sense, this is probably closer to imaging it as facing a photograph or a video recording, isn’t it.”
Subaru: “ーー~hk.”
???: “ーー? Ah, could it be, you thought of the same thing?”
When he slightly tightened his cheeks upon the single voice seemingly having read his mind, the opposing person precisely guessed those feelings as well.
Though ■ was flustered by even that, any response he could possibly give could neither serve as poison nor medicine. In the first place, what was essential for Subaru was not something on the likes of quick exchange of remarks.
Far greater, precisely that, the problem which seemingly jolted away everything wasーー,
???: “Once again then…… hey, sibling.”
Subaru: “ーーーー”
???: “No, sibling feels slightly faulty for an expression, huh. More accurately this’d be…… hey, another me.”
Raising a single hand, the personage greeted with a relaxed toneーー no, he was not a person so unduly distant. He was an existence such that even calling him someone close would be a half-hearted expression.
After all, because the one present there was unmistakably was, with the same face as Natsuki Subaru, none other than『Natsuki Subaru』.
Subaru: “ーー『Natsuki Subaru』.”
‘Subaru’: “……You know, doesn’t that have a strange ring to it? On top of that, calling yourself using the full name…… though, I don’t know using what else would be correct. Though it’s a situation often there in manga and stuff, it’s pretty troublesome in reality.”
Subaru: “『Natsuki Subaru』……!”
Discerning rage for『Subaru』, who piled up remarks as if talking about good weather, Subaru stood right up at that spot. And as he tried to grasp the opponent’s collars, his legs tangled instantly.
With no strength driven into his knees, his stance crumbledーー,
‘Subaru’: “Woops, watch out.”
Subaru: “ーー~hk, don’t touch me!”
『Subaru』, who was in front, caught his body which was pitching forward and falling. The moment he came in contact with those arms, Subaru experienced unbearable repugnance and shook off the opponent’s arms.
At the same pace, taking steps and distancing himself away from『Subaru』, he continued glaring at the opponent.
Subaru: “Why are, you here…… first of all, where is this place!?”
With『Subaru』within his field of vision, Subaru signalled the surrounding white world with his hands.
White space, a place with nothing, that was just as the cradle of Od Lagna where he had confronted that Sin Archbishop of『Gluttony』, Louis Arneb.
Subaru: “Shit……!”
It was a total mess inside of his mind.
In accordance with the real time that flowed within the tower, his meeting with Louis was not something which happened even a few hours ago.
However, for Subaru who had stockpiled multiple attempts pertaining to the five obstacles, it felt like an incident in the faraway, distant past.
Furthermore, Subaru had personally experienced the life and death of『Natsuki Subaru』more than twenty times through the『Books of the Dead』. Even if the contents of the『Books of the Dead』were something which felt short, running through life and death in less than five minutes, there had also been more than a year’s time where nothing had occurred.
He had tasted those successively, indulgently. Neither were there any guarantees regarding his recognition not getting disordered.
The passage of time was vague, on top of that, he had much awaited this meeting with the unanticipated opponent.
Subaru widened his eyes and waved his arms about violently,
Subaru: “Why, are you in this place!!”
‘Subaru’: “ーーIt is, the proof of you having caught up to me.”
Subaru: “ーーーー”
‘Subaru’: “You read the『Book of the Dead』, and caught up to me. Everything you were not aware of, you must have seen it in the form of personally experiencing it. My, life in a different world, alright.”
Subaru: “Huh.”
With an indifferent tone,『Subaru』responded to Subaru, who had depleted his breath and clamoured. Viewing that composed attitude, Subaru gritted his molars.
He was unable to stomach that conclusive expression, that attitude of seemingly knowing all, anything and everything.
ーーFirst of all, what did this man, making that odious face, say just now?
Subaru: “I, caught up to you?”
‘Subaru’: “That’s right. There’s not a single thing anymore, which you don’t know about me. That’s why……”
Subaru: “ーーDon’t, joke around ~hk!!”
‘Subaru’: “ーーーー”
Subaru: “I, caught up to you, you say? Stop kidding! Don’t lie! Not yet! I don’t know about that which is the most important, which is much more essential, yet!”
Roaring with his eyes open wide, Subaru seized hold of『Subaru’s』collars this time.
Upon that usage of brute strength,『Subaru』made no attempt to parry it. Pulling the opponent’s collars towards himself at the same pace, from a distance where both of their breaths entwined, he glared into those black eyes.
“ーーーー”
Within the dark eyes of the face which was the same as his, the instant he perceived the same face reflected within, nauseating self-hatred surged within his own self.
Whether he harboured that self-hatred for himself or for the『Himself』present before his eyes, was neither known to him nor did he even contemplate considering it.
Merely remaining at that extremely close distance, he glared at the opponent and unraveled his fangs.
Subaru: “Tell me! It’s pretty convenient you’re here! Tell me now! The reason you became yourself must be somewhere! I haven’t seen that. I haven’t found it. That is……”
‘Subaru’: “The reason I, became myself?”
Subaru: “That’s right! There must have been a cue for you, to turn into yourself! You are, you are……”
‘Subaru’: “ーーThat, must have been seen by you, no?”
With his collars seized,『Subaru』was gazing at Subaru, nonresistant.
He did not even try to repel away the arms waving him about. Subaru received that as a hallucination as if he wasn’t even doing anything.
He perceived exactly that, as being looked down onto from a higher levelーー,
Subaru: “Stop looking at me like that!”
‘Subaru’: “ーーGah ~hk.”
Aiming at that conclusive side profile, Subaru launched his fist.
The fist wielded firm impact, blowing『Subaru』off as if he had been strummed. There was no recoil, no similar pain striking back at Subaru.
The pain『Subaru』sustained, injured, was only the pain『Subaru』had sustained.
That was, not identical to what Natsuki Subaru had sustained.
Subaru: “Lining up words, as if knowing that…… is that so, I get it.”
Smacked by Subaru,『Subaru』had knelt down on his right leg. Observing him rubbing his struck cheek with the back of his hand, Subaru consented.
That opponent ahead of his eyes, who spoke with a mouth as if knowing everything, was not mistaken.
First of all, if this was the cradle of Od Lagnaーー the Hall of Memories, would that not make him the opponent he should be utmost vigilant of above all other matters
Subaru: “Are you, Louis? The Sin Archbishop of『Gluttony』! It’s you again, right!?”
‘Subaru’: “……Me?”
Subaru: “Don’t play dumb!”
Last time, Louis, whom he had encountered in the Hall of Memories, attempted to prompt segregation between Subaru and『Natsuki Subaru』, and eat that existence away from his head through one way or another.
Back then, he had managed to escape those fangs from a hair strand’s breadth worth of distance but had their nature been such that they would be willing to give up through simply that alone, they would not be called Sin Archbishops.
Just how ugly, how irredeemable the existences known as the Sin Archbishops were, he had witnessed that in its entirety.
Petelgeuse, Regulus, Sirius, Capella, all of them were the absolute lowest and worst of failures as personalities. Ley, Roy, and Louis were no exceptions to that either, he could especially affirm that.
What if Louis, who had been lying in wait inside of Reid’s『Book of the Dead』, was utilising some form of method and hiding in ambush within the『Book of the Dead』of『Natsuki Subaru』.
Thus, it was plausible that she had been boldly lingering and awaiting Subaru.
Subaru: “Isn’t that true,『Gluttony』! Louis Arneb! There’s no way I can be confused by you, who can change shapes and forms, like this!”
Relying upon the『Memories』and『Names』stolen from others, rather than just the opponents’ abilities but extorting even their form, and chewing and digesting them as if they were her belongings was the Authority of Louis Arneb, as well as that of her elder brothers, Ley Batenkaitos and Roy Alphard.
She had demonstrated that artifice even within the tower, lacking any regret. Nothing felt out of place should her place of demonstrating that merely have gotten changed to the Hall of Memories.
Subaru: “This time for sure, devouring me and hijacking me, is that what your plan is? Even after being rejected once, persistent little…… do you really want to『Return by Death』so much!?”
Without any vacillation, he voiced the words『Return by Death』.
He had personally experienced the memory of having to taste hellish anguish by voicing that on several instances. The penalty of having his heart be crushingly gripped accompanied with immense pain. However, it was still alright if only his self was to be the one to experience that agony. ーーCompared to the cases where it befell over Emilia, or the surroundings.
However, the penalty was not invoked for Subaru, who had shouted whilst crushing faint horror.
『Subaru』before his eyes, did not seem to have had his heart crushingly gripped at all either. In bug a single instant he understood that『Subaru』had also been relieved at the lack of the evil influence’s ingress, seemingly having been on lookout for the same. That was, infuriating.
With the same face as his, he also bore the same thoughts as him. ーーHe thought of it as an assertion that, at maximum, he and his opponent were the same.
Subaru: “ーー~hk! Just, get it already! Is this really that amazing of a power? Is this an admirable power!? It’s just dying, and redoing. Dying and redoing…… nothing more than that. If I, who uses it, am shit then the results it brings are also shit! That’s why……”
‘Subaru’: “ーーーー”
Subaru: “That’s why, I couldn’t save anyone…… I let everyone die. Because I am weak, I make everyone, miserable. Just like how, even now, nobody will get saved……!”
ーー『Return by Death』, was nothing so adequate.
It was always far better, to not have something like this be of need. Though there had been a Witch who claimed this power to be something splendid, the utmost prime and nonpareil thing in this world, he could never hold the same opinion.
Even if an ant is made to wield artillery, it can never utilise it. Ultimately, it was unsuited to it.
He was a weak, petty, lonely child who kept crying and throwing tantrums.
What the Witches in that dream tea party had stated, was correct. He was hopeless. He was weak. He could never find it. He could never use it. Both『Gluttony』and the『Witch of Greed』, who failed to comprehend that, were damned.
Just, how many times would he have to get deceived, how many times would he have to get his hope trampled underfoot, how many times would he have to get his ■ vanquished, until he learnt.
Why, after countlessly getting deceived, countlessly having his hope trampled underfoot, countlessly having his ■ vanquished, does he still think of doing it.
『Return by Death』, displayed all of the unpleasant fragments of the world.
It displayed the absurdities, the irrationalities, the destiny enough to make one avert one’s eyes.
Yet, how comeーー,
Subaru: “ーーI love, everyone.”
Without noticing, with his head hanging down, kneeling down at that very spot, Subaru shouted as if casting a curse.
And upon the disgraceful grievance similar to weeping,『Subaru』horizontally shook his head. Whilst shaking his head horizontally, for once, at this instant, he said, converging with his words.
‘Subaru’: “ーーI love everyone. That’s why, I can’t stop.”
Subaru: “ーーーー”
Erasing the tinge of red on his struck cheek with his fingers,『Subaru』stood up in Subaru’s stead.
The same attire, the same expression, possessing the same face and name,『Natsuki Subaru』, who seemed to be decisively different from his selfーー whilst that looked at Natsuki Subaru,
‘Subaru’: “The position you were put in, to be honest, even imagining its difficulty is rough. Everything completely new, starting from level 6 having the status of initial stage without the option of going back. The complaints you voice out too, I understand all of them. Because those, are wounds I have gotten to taste time and time again.”
With immense powerlessness, with immense ignorance, it was a countenance that had gotten to taste that countless times. ーーNo, he had gotten to taste that countless times.
The defeat, the agony, the grief of『Death』which『Subaru』had to taste, Subaru was aware of it all. He had witnessed it all with these eyes. He had tasted it all, with this body and ■.
Precisely because he had tasted those, precisely because he knew that was not a lie, he could not accept 『Subaru’s』 words. He did not want, to accept them.
‘Subaru’: “Had I been strong, had I been smart, had I been more, more…… it must be frustrating.”
Subaru: “Speaking as if, you understand it……! About me, what the hell do you”
‘Subaru’: “I do know. You must also be aware of what I know. It’s a pointless quarrel, actually. For both me and you.”
Subaru: “ーー~hk.”
There was no strength in his words of objection. It had been a matter of course.
An objection repels away the opponent’s words, brushes them away suggesting lack of agreement, crushingly defeating them, making the statement that you are wrong. Such an intention was essential.
Subaru of now, did not have the ability to face『Subaru』with that.
After all, he was aware of it.
He was aware that that was no lie or deceit, but the entirety of『Natsuki Subaru』.
Subaru: “I didn’t look, at your memories or anything……”
‘Subaru’: “Hey you can’t be doing this, after looking through one’s diary as per your own convenience.”
Subaru: “I didn’t look, at your memories or anything!”
Upon hearing『Subaru’s』seemingly sullen voice, Subaru powerfully clenched his fists.
Slapped, poured with jeers, yet not bending his approach of dialogue『Subaru』gave the impression of being far more mature than Subaru. Perhaps even that, was a matter of course.
After all, the truth is『Subaru』was supposed to be an year older than Subaru.
That too, having observed rich experiences in the different world and having personally experienced『Death』on multiple occasions, on top of that, having woven many bonds and acquiring the position of his current self.
But stillーー,
Subaru: “I didn’t look, at your memories or anything…… ~hk.”
Once again, once again Subaru utilised those words.
For once, right now『Subaru』said nothing to Subaru, who stockpiled the very same repentances. Subaru, without even seeking any response, resumed as if incoherently muttering.
Subaru: “I, wanted to have hopes for you. That you were an amazing guy, and that if I got to know the “something” which was supporting your amazing nature, I would be able to do the same thing too. But still……”
But still, he ended up knowing it.
He ended up witnessing, everything.
『Natsuki Subaru』had absolutely no difference from the Natsuki Subaru present here, that he was a weak and petty man, he ended up knowing that.
In the time unknown to Subaru meeting people unknown to Subaru, running past a chronicle unknown to Subaru, having witnessed a scenery unknown to Subaru, he was merely an ordinary human who had done all that.
Subaru: “ーーBy denying you, I wanted to proclaim something plausible and fulfill it.”
However, he could not do that.
Subaru: “After all, I understand your feelings. ーーBecause you, are me.”
The world『Natsuki Subaru』had witnessed, had tasted, he had viewed it.
『Natsuki Subaru』had fallen in love with this world, with the people of this world, with Emilia and everyone else and the wounds he had accepted for them to survive, he had viewed all of that.
He had been misunderstanding. He had been misapprehending.
Since it was regarding himself, it may be appropriate to say he had conceited.
The illusion of『Natsuki Subaru』being a superhuman, had been shattered and cast aside.
Subaru: “Yeah, I get it! I got it! Why you…… why you kept standing up again and again, why you never gave up after dying again and again, is because that’s all you can do!!”
Just like Subaru,『Subaru』had also gotten slammed into walls he could do nothing about on innumerable instances.
Upon each occasion of that, he died recurrently, repeatedly, stockpiling『Deaths』, amending the way he met, amending the way he connected,『Subaru』overcame hindrances.
That was all.
Subaru: “Can there be someone who won’t stand up despite Rem telling him so much to do so!? Acting conceitedly after getting knocked by Otto, I noticed that! I always knew that dad and mom, were considerate like that! I mean, they are my dad and mom, after all!”
The scenery『Natsuki Subaru』passed through, the cue essential for surmounting, not the “something” which Subaru sought but merely accumulated wishes were certainly there.
Subaru: “I love Emilia. I want her to rely on me to protect her. I want to be with her. The reason I wanted to be a knight, was so that she thought of me that way. I was happy. I want to walk outside with her without any failures, she, who is afraid of getting hated, and I want to boast around that she is someone capable of being loved by everyone! I finally had Beatrice accompany me. I want to make her happy as much as the time she had been in pain. She, has the right to be happy!”
That is whyーー,
Subaru: “ーーThe reason why you don’t give up, is just because you love everyone! Bloody bastard! Why aren’t you a superhuman! Why, are you still an idiotic brat!!”
‘Subaru’: “ーーーー”
Subaru: “Be strong like Reinhardt! Be someone who can do anything like Julius! If you can’t do that then be useful like Ferris! How about exceeding in a single thing like Wilhelm-san!? Choose even one, for you to……”
By taking time and even experiencing agony, what he realised was merely that.
That『Natsuki Subaru』was an ordinary human, that he possessed only the cards which were the same as what Subaru did, that he extremely lacked skill in properly utilising them, that neither did he have good fortune when it came to victory and defeat.
Even, a single one of just thoseーー,
Subaru: “Any single one of them……”
With a powerless voice, having forfeited all spirit, he whispered.
Any single one of them, even a single one of them, grasping tightly the hand incapable of wielding anything.
Subaru: “……You, are Louis, aren’t you.”
With a husky voice, he uttered a query unrelated to what he had said till now.
Listening to that,『Subaru』, who had remained silent for long nodded, saying “Ah”.
‘Subaru’: “No. I’m not Louis. Unfortunately, I won’t say even that. I’d rather not have her disturbing. You don’t need an explanation for her personality being the worst, do you?”
Subaru: “Yeah…… I guess, so.”
Responding with a meagre, feeble voice, Subaru hid his own face with his arms.
Concealing that his throat had shrivelled up due to his howling up until the previous moment, oozily, pain started to well up in his fist which had hit『Subaru』.
If this was the Hall of Memories, then Subaru’s body could not be stated to be a real entity here, is how it was supposed to be, and yet, it was absurd that he could feel pain.
ーーYes, pain,『Death』, was ever absurd and ever difficult to bear.
That was accurately why, the Sin Archbishop of『Gluttony』, Louis Arneb was mistaken.
The thought of wishing for that by one’s own accord, was unmistakably mistaken.
Subaru: “……Why did you, disappear.”
‘Subaru’: “Hm?”
Subaru: “Why did you vanish away. You disappeared, that caused, so many hardships……”
The impetus of the ever present incomprehension, and the origin of everything.
The reason why『Natsuki Subaru』disappeared, and Natsuki Subaru was born.
Just what happened to the body of『Natsuki Subaru』, who had disappeared alongside his memories.
Subaru: “The reason why you disappeared……”
‘Subaru’: “……That was a total miss on my part. I entered『Taygeta』with the intention of finding a way to capture Reid. Then, through the series of events, it was all great till I found Reid’s book, but……”
Subaru: “……Then, Reid’s book turned out to be empty.”
‘Subaru’: “Then I was put in the same bowl as『Gluttony』. The rest is, you probably get it even without me having to say it.”
Scratching his head,『Subaru』looked back onto his own shame.
Encountering Louis Arneb in the Hall of Memories,『Natsuki Subaru』had gotten『Memories』stolen. And, forgetting all of his life in the different world until that point, his self, of course, created Natsuki Subaru who could not apprehend the feelings of the people around him.
‘Subaru’: “Don’t depreciate yourself like that…… Would be difficult even if I tell you so, huh. After all, you are me.”
Subaru: “……『Natsuki Subaru』is a weak, petty, irredeemable huge idiot.”
‘Subaru’: “That’s not wrong.”
Subaru: “But.”
‘Subaru’: “ーー?”
Whilst making a wry smile and gesturing his agreement,『Subaru』raised his eyebrows in response to Subaru, who had whispered powerlessly.
While looking at that『Subaru』, Subaru voiced the continuance of the words he had held back.
That wasーー,
Subaru: “ーーYou are, an amazing guy,『Natsuki Subaru』.”
ーーThat was, his honest opinion lacking all exaggeration, having witnessed him『Return by Death』greater than twenty times.
    △▼△▼△▼△
  “ーーーー”
Whilst looking at the man before him, he steadily narrowed his eyes.
With a face he was used to looking at, with a face he was tired of looking at, a face he thought that was even was distressful to look at, it was his own self. It was his own self, it was not his own self, though it was his own self, he did not believe it to be his own self.
That face had a reaction as if having been pricked with something unanticipated for the first time, it was gratifying.
Subaru: “……The closest person, huh.”
There were not many humans who loved their own self from the bottom of their heart.
Subaru particularly belonged to that category, and Subaru hated himself. Perhaps『Natsuki Subaru』was no different in that regard either. ーーSubaru,『Subaru』, hated himself.
However, as the closest person, when Natsuki Subaru saw『Natsuki Subaru』, to say this would be exceedingly embarrassing but, so cool, was the thought that crossed his mind.
Subaru: “I respect you, who is weak, hopeless, unable to do anything, but still, continues to struggle, and loves them. That’s whyーー”
‘Subaru’: “ーーーー”
Subaru: “ーーThe meaning of me, reading your『Book of the Dead』, was there.”
He had not opened up the『Book of the Dead』merely in order to gnash his weakness, to grieve the cease of trails, to slam grudges on his self who had the same face as his own self.
Of course, neither was it to have the megalomania of following up to the superhuman Natsuki Subaru’s roots and attaining unparalleled strength, granted.
What he sought was learning that『Natsuki Subaru』was merely human, his deeds, his path.
Subaru: “……You sure are a guy, who says embarrassing stuff suddenly, you.”
『Subaru』, who had remained frozen by Subaru’s oration until then, abruptly came alive.
『Subaru』had his eyes narrowed at the ill humourーー no, in a state of feeling somewhat awkward, he sharply gazed at Subaru and slowly stretched his fingers ahead,
‘Subaru’: “It’s pretty questionable for me to say it myself, but you sure can say all that after having looked back onto my entirety up until now. Now that it’s mentioned, it’s『Natsuki Subaru Starting Life in a Different World from Zero』, you know.”
Subaru: “Ah, it feels so weird to have the leading actor’s name be the same as yourself.”
‘Subaru’: “It’s better than having the heroine have the same name as your mom, isn’t it…… No, not that.”
Unreservedly reciprocating persiflage, Subaru exchanged a gaze with『Subaru』.
『Subaru』, who somewhat seemed to have tasted an under-shoulder swing down, he pointed at himself with his hand and,
‘Subaru’: “I had said all that earlier, but is this seriously okay? The possibility of me being a fake of Louis is not supposed to have completely disappeared, you know.”
Subaru: “It has disappeared. You didn’t revert even after I seriously hit you.”
‘Subaru’: “I mean, to revert back by that is just in the case of Yanagisawa’s copy ability……”
As per『Subaru’s』objections, that could not truly be used as rationale.
However, at that point in time, Subaru had let go of his scepticism regarding『Subaru』.
The reason for that was perhaps what『Subaru』had commented earlier.
For argument’s sake, even if Louis Arneb ate away one’s life away from head to toe without sparing a single part, he believed that she would not be able to reconstruct that face, that voice.
Because she did not have the ability to comprehend blessedness, felicity, happiness.
That is whyーー,
Subaru: “She, who loved nobody, cannot understand the emotion of『Returning by Death』for the sake of someone you love.”
‘Subaru’: “ーーーー”
『Subaru』before his eyes kept silent, as Subaru took a long, painful inhale.
Now that he had voiced it out, it was terribly stale, naught but sweet nothings pleasing to hear, nothing more. Yet he had been unable to discover any other responses.
That is why the『Subaru』before his eyes was unquestionably『Natsuki Subaru』.
Subaru: “Why are you, here? Were you waiting, for me?”
He recognised the『Subaru』before his eyes to be possessing the same roots as himself.
On top of that, the doubt surfacing in his mind, was regarding the two Subaru happening upon each other here.
Upon that question of Subaru’s,『Subaru』firmly stepped on the pure white floor,
‘Subaru’: “The reason why you and I met each other here, is because this place is the sole point of contact between you and me.”
Subaru: “The point of contact, between you and me……”
‘Subaru’: “The reason me, who has『Memories』within the tower, and you, who doesn’t have『Memories』, crossed over is just because of the『Book of the Dead』of this area. Both ahead of this and before this, you and I couldn’t have met each other.”
Subaru: “ーー. On second thought, let’s go back to the first question. Why, are you here?”
Without digesting the explanation『Subaru』gave, Subaru, once again, cast the same question.
Strictly speaking, he could not comprehend the logic behind the two Subaru coming across each other here. It ended up being that『Subaru』, who possessed『Memories』, and Subaru, who did not possess『Memories』, both existed alongside each other.
ーーThe rules of the formation of a『Book of the Dead』, its intricacies were unknown.
Now that if it were to be mentioned, the book of『Natsuki Subaru』piling up the count of deaths up until now was strange in itself. Precisely that was a phenomenon which if the『Deaths』of『Natsuki Subaru』were not being observed from outside of the world, it would not come into existence.
Did that mean, that Od Lagna fulfilled the role of that observer.
Subaru: “But if that’s the case then Louis, who was in the Hall of Memories, if she had been observing『Return by Death』, I don’t know for what reason she would be in such high spirits. If she can recognise that from the outside……”
‘Subaru’: “She may be staying in the Hall of Memories, but she can’t be its ruler. It’s ruler is…… probably a guy even more nasty, I think. If you consider it from this situation.”
Subaru: “I get it when you say it’s a nasty guy. The one most plausible is……”
Halting words there for once, Subaru and『Subaru』collectively stated.
“ーーThe『Sage』Flugel.”
They called that, to be the ill-natured utmost plausible personage.
The personage who had connections to the establishment of this Pleiades Watchtower, installing a『Trial』such that Reid was placed in it, furthermore, imposing an ascetic of unknown termination upon Shaula for four hundred years.
In all honesty, Shaula was pitiable. If it would be possible, then he wanted to snatch her away from that master of her’s.
Subaru: “Then, the reason for my self, both possessing and not possessing『Memories』existing alongside is……”
‘Subaru’: “ーー. That’s the type of question difficult to find an answer for. Since I am here, and you are here”
Subaru: “That’s just how, it is, huh……?”
Whilst feeling a sense of unease, catching『Subaru’s』words, Subaru drew his chin in.
The truth is it had been the kind of question lacking a question setter. Even if theories of some kind were to be arrived at, in the end, they could never provide the answer.
If this question must be investigated thoroughly, and the answer must be found, then it wasーー,
Subaru: “As long as you truly aren’t Louis Arneb, it shouldn’t be a problem.”
‘Subaru’: “That’s a pretty bothersome way to confirm. Do you, really trust me?”
Subaru: “I trust you I trust you. If you let me hit you one more time on the other side, I’ll trust you more.”
‘Subaru’: “Is that so. I wouldn’t say it’s the best bargain, you know.”
Interchanging frivolous dialogue in a relaxed manner, Subaru shrugged his shoulders at『Subaru’s』words.
The cowardly way of conversation for delaying the core of the dialogue like this, with other people aside, but when it was used with oneself it got seen through far too easily.
That is why, Subaru took it upon himself and for the third time, fired the same question.
Subaru: “He~y, another me. ーーFor what purpose, are you here?”
‘Subaru’: “ーーーー”
Subaru: “You must also be knowing, I won’t listen to something like that.”
Upon『Subaru’s』attitude, who opted for reticence, Subaru whispered with his black eyes straitened. Even after hearing that, he did not return back persiflage similar to the one until now.
Instead of that, what levitated in『Subaru’s』black eyes was the radiance that had always been present since the beginning.
Perhaps that was, often called, what is known as, the feeling of guiltーー,
‘Subaru’: “ーーHey, what do you think will happen, in unification of memories?”
That was why, Subaru had deliberately asked that question cheerfully.
  △▼△▼△▼△
  “ーーIn the pattern of a conversation about this trick, what would be the normal answer, huh.”
“I have no idea. Clearly, it feels like something which has no answer to it.”
“To be honest, you seem to be the more knowledgeable one here, do you know about any rules that would be advantageous to know about which I don’t?”
“You read the book dissecting me, didn’t you. It’s as likely as not.”
“As likely as not, huh.”
“As likely as not.”
“……If you and I carelessly bump into each other and one eliminates the other, if it’s something like that, what will you do?”
“Don’t say all that. Whatever you think when you’re anxious, generally I also think the same when I’m anxious, that’s why.”
“That’s that. Then, no hard feelings no matter which one wins, hm?”
“No, I sure will be crazy bitter. And so if I’ll be bitter, then that means you’ll be bitter too.”
“Well, I guess so. That’s, probably right. Hm, pretty shallow-■ed huh.”
“What did you say?”
“Pretty shallow-■ed…… huh, is something wrong?”
“……No, I just probably misheard, I guess.”
“ーーーー”
“ーーーー”
“Ah, that’s right. There are some things you may wonder about their possibility, so there are some things I want to tell you, can I?”
“Well, since you’ve heard everything I’ve said up till now go right ahead and say anything.”
“Originally, you were more informed than me regarding this world…… though that advantage has more or less disappeared by me reading the『Book of the Dead』, there are some things that have changed a bit, you know?”
“Things that have changed?”
“After losing『Memories』, I talked to everyone, I got to know everyone…… it’s the story of『Natsuki Subaru Starting Life in a Different World from Zero』you don’t know about.”
“ーーーー”
“First up, Meili, okay. She’s a bit, in various ways, saddled with bombs upon herself so it’s rough but she understands if you talk to her so please, properly talk to her. I’m imagining Meili-senpai to be pretty angry right now.”
“Yeah, got it.”
“And then, there’s this huge scorpion wandering about inside the tower, but it’s true identity is Shaula. That makes things really dangerous but…… she’s not doing that, because she wants to. Please, help her too.”
“Yeah, got it.”
“Oh, by the way, I forgot to say this, but when I met Louis I got my back kicked hard by Rem. Back then, I didn’t remember Rem, so it was only after I read the book did I recall what kind of a girl Rem was, but…… hmm, as expected, that had been my Rem.”
“No, it’s my Rem, you know.”
“No, mine.”
“Mine.”
“ーーーー”
“ーーーー”
“Ram had said. That when the season of snowmelt arrives, things invisible will be visible and will surely show their faces…… As expected of her.”
“Yeah, I guess so.”
“About that guy Julius….. well, it’ll be fine even if I don’t say anything, isn’t it. He’s not that unreliable, that I must tell you something about him.”
“Yeah, agreed.”
“Thank you, for apologising, to dad, and mom.”
“Yeah, hm.”
“Thank you, for saving Otto, and Garfiel.”
“Yeah.”
“Thank you, for saving Petra, Frederica, and everyone from Irlarm village.”
“Yeah.”
“Thank you, for taking Beatrice out, and holding her hand.”
“ーーーー”
“Emilia……”
“ーーーー”
“Thank you, for falling in love, with Emilia. I also, love her. I really love her.”
“……Yeah, I know.”
“ーーNatsuki Subaru. You are an amazing guy, I sincerely know that, if it’s you then it’ll certainly be alright.”
“Yeah.”
“ーーーー”
“Hm…… I guess so.”
“ーーーー”
    “Yeah. ーーIf it’s us, then it’ll certainly be alright.”
  △▼△▼△▼△
  “It’ll be alright, huh.”
“Yeah, that’s right. Yeah, it’ll be alright.”
“You, are amazing, I sincerely know that.”
“……Yeah, but, hm. I have to say, that.”
“ーーーー”
  “ーーLooks like my summer vacation is, over.”
    △▼△▼△▼△
  With a shake of their hands, a clichéd exchange had been the finale.
Subaru: “ーーーー”
He inhaled, and exhaled.
Likely, the unification had not been conducted in an irregular form. ーーNo, by all rights, there had been no supposition of the process of unification being carried out in this place.
Subaru’s very existence, all happenings that had very much occurred, all of them had been irregular.
That is whyーー,
Subaru: “ーーーー”
Standing stock still, Subaru finally noticed the tears rivulet down his own cheeks, when they dripped down his chin and fell as droplets.
For some reason or another, he did not feel like wiping them off, as seemingly those streaming tears certainly had not been shed by Subaru, is what it appeared as.
The tears shed by someone, who was right now, steadily melting together with Subaru, within Subaru.
And, repeatedly breathing deeply, he went around the consciousness within his mind. What had been scorched within his own memories, wereーー,
Subaru: “ーー~hk.”
Suddenly, twenty『Deaths』Natsuki Subaru was unmindful of, flashed back.
All of them, told of struggling and writhing within the tower, and the numerous『Deaths』which became a part of the course of events tastedーー as if getting taken over, the visuals of all worrying sections established a connection.
They had established a connection, but.
Subaru: “Even you, are crossing over the bridge more than sufficiently, you know……!”
His other self, who had lined up words thoroughly commending Subaru. Digesting his fight in solitude and his heavy struggle for trusting his comrades, Subaru arrived to an understanding.
Certainly, it was just as what Subaru had stated. ーーI can, respect you.
With such thoughts, deep breathing as if trying to decelerate his eccentrically rapid pulsebeat, he bowed his head.
After that, Subaru raised his face, and glared towards the front.
That was, the unchanging white space.
The area of blank space resulting from the Hall of Memories, which had produced his irregular state.
The place where another Subaru had been until merely a few moments earlier, who had shaken hands with Subaru. ーーLooking down onto the petite shadow of someone crowding that space, Subaru straitened his black eyes.
Andーー,
Subaru: “So. Did you get to see what you wanted to see. ーーLouis Arneb.”
Subaru softly asked that to the one who had proceeded to read through the『Books of the Dead』and had reached this place and subsequently disappeared, Natsuki Subaruーー no, Louis Arneb.


Chapter 76
ーーWant to become, happy.
        △▼△▼△▼△
ーーWhat are termed as the positives and negatives of life, are great gambles determined by birth and environment.

That had been the philosophy Louis Arneb acquired, upon the extremity of eating and hunting down the lives of innumerable humans, as the Sin Archbishop of『Gluttony』.

Louis Arneb, was the youngest sister among the three siblings who were Sin Archbishops affixed with『Gluttony』.
By nature, contrary to the scale and unsound state of control of its activity, was the Witch Cult with surprisingly unascertained true state of affairs, though much regarding the Sin Archbishops especially was enveloped in mystery.
Although the principal source for that was that the majority of people who happened upon them had lost their lives, the ones to have their names well known even amongst Sin Archbishopsーー no, it is past tense, so the ones who “had their names well known” must have been the two of『Sloth』and『Greed』.
Aside from those, even if it was identified that the Sin Archbishops of『Wrath』and『Lust』, and finally,『Gluttony』existed, for several years it had been fogged with enigmas what kind of a bunch they were. Much less, the very existence of Louis Arneb, the youngest sister among the trio of siblings of『Gluttony』, save for fellow Sin Archbishops being the only exception, was unknown.

The concealed Sin Archbishop, that had been the position Louis Arneb stood at.

“Well, it’s not as if we wished for it, you know.”

So whispered Louis, stretching her legs within the white space she had been in since birth.
Impotently, Louis could not exit this white space, and did not have the ability to meet anyone. Unable to avail the Authority of『Gluttony』anywhere except in the location where it was highly restricted as well, it was what is called an unused treasured possession to her.

However, thanks to her two elder brothers, only when it came to meals was she not incapacitated.
That was because the『Memories』and『Names』her elder brothers ateーー that is to say, the lives of others, she could unassociatedly snitch that food and be able to fulfill her hunger.

“Why, do we have to be like this?”

Fulfilling her hunger through her elder brothers’ leftovers, whilst indulging in the lives of others, Louis, who was having her self-identity moulded and taking form little by little, immediately discerned that she was in circumstances entirely different from others.
Without a body that could be free, what she could operate was merely consciousness.
Though she possessed the『Memories』of having walked, she possessed no experience of having walked. That was, the defective article known as herself.

“Ah…… we are, in such unhappy circumstances.”

That was how Louis recognised to herself, that she was in a『Sorrowful』environment.
And, she understood these circumstances shan’t change, regardless how much she lamented.

In order to console their younger sister lost adrift within such sorrow, her elder brothers seemingly vied with each other and ate. And provided their little sister, the platters same as what they had eaten themselves.
Those platters which her elder brothers served to her, were brimming with respective individuality.

Ley, who named himself『Gourmet』, loved lives with strong flavours for both better or worse.
Roy, of『Bizarre Eating』, anyhow gave precedence to amount, becoming entranced for fulfilling hunger with off-flavours.

From Louis’ perspective, if she had to say then she had been able to enjoy the platters chosen by Ley on numerous occasions, but on numerous occasions she had also made gains from the platters chosen by Roy, who ate and hunted in an unprincipled manner.

Chewing and digesting eleventy lives, comparing flavours by rolling them atop her tongue and within her mind, what she came to understand. ーーThat was, the difference in the absolute amount of『Joyfulness』.

Louis, who possessed the power to compare the lives of others through her own sense of values, graded various items such as the difference of wealth and poverty or the presence or absence of affection, from the environment of growth to family and friends, the existence of lovers, through a formula based on their extent, awarding scores to the lives of others from one to the next, and continued rating.

For being prosperous by birth. For being loved by parents and siblings. For living a life sailing smooth without any trials or tribulations. For having a great number of friends, who could be reached out to in times of difficulty. For possessing overflowing talent, such that it was possible to stand above all others.
Either this or that or this or that, regardless of fortune and misfortune, countless reasons, such that some could be discarded.

Though it was an idea terribly prideful and conceited, Louis possessed the Authority to make it attainable.

If it were to be expressed in alternate words, that was equivalent to the act of peeping onto the screen of a game other people were playing, complaining and pointing out they should’ve done this and they should’ve done that all whilst ridiculing them.
Knocking disdain and mockery across the entire screen, she criticised the lives of others as per her own conveniences as a bystander. Showering jeers as well, striking frank impressions lacking all distinction between likes and dislikes as well, all to her own contentment.

Those were Louis’ deeds. Rating as per her principles, egoistic abuse and slander.

However, that which she enjoyed at first, soon turned wearisome as well.
That was natural. What Louis could do, was to review the『Memories』passed onto her, she could not interfere with anything further. She did not possess the ability to speak of the present and the future.
Even if she tried to speak ill of or correct the gameplay of others, there was nobody who would lend an ear to what she would point out, that is why she lost her initial amusement.
To incessantly look at the play of unskillful humans, was close to torture rather than just being tedious.

“Even though if allowed to, then we would do it so much much mu~ch better. Because each and every single one is incompetent.”

Despite possessing feet to walk their own life, despite having arms to cut through distress, despite owning a head to picture the future, all of the other people were brainless.
Louis’ elder brothers, Ley and Roy were no exceptions to that either. Rather, they could be called the incarnation of ineptitude.

If『Memories』would be peeped into, it could be well understood what that life failed at, and at what point was it unable to recover. All of them, accumulated failures terribly simple and trivial.
Why would one stumble at such a spot, Louis was unable to comprehend at all.

“Incompetent, incompetent, incompetent. If you’re going to live irresponsibly, then hand it over to us, that life. We will do it way way wa~y better. Everyone everyone everyone, is too brainless.”

From one to the next,『Lives』ought to be felt contempt for were itemized in the form of platters.
Chewing and digesting numerous, multitudinous of them, Louis was overwhelmed with rage, and became nauseous.

Without realising such emotions of Louis’ ■, her elder brothers, who successively resumed eating for fulfilling their own desires, she also felt irritated at. Without even feeling anxious for their younger sister, who was making a nauseous expression, the folly of continuing to provide filled platters incessantly, what could she possibly detest could she not detest that.

“Ah, you sure eat while finding it delicious, onii-chan.”


“Ah, you sure eat while finding it fun, nii-sama.”



“ーーAh, we are, we are, even now even now, feeling nauseous, you know.”



That was the reason why Louis Arneb, named herself『Satiation』.
The starvation not fulfilled no matter how much is eaten.

For what was starved was not her body, but her ■.

△▼△▼△▼△

ーーWant to become, happy.

ーーWant to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy.
  △▼△▼△▼△
  “ーーAhahahaha! This is, this is the feeling of walking outside, isn’t it! Both onii-chan and nii-sama, doing this the whole time…… a~h, unfair unfair unfair!”

Within the enforced confinement, her shackled self-consciousness followed the lone road to expansion.
Just as eating facilitated healthy growth amongst humans, while being provided with platters unwished for as well, Louis underwent favourable growth vigorously.
The same was also the case with Ley and Roy, her two elder brothers.
Her elder brothers too, had their own ego enlarge rampantly, having their ■ feel greater zeal for meals. The insensible food selection by such elder brothers of hers, Louis anyhow felt irritated by.

That change had been, a byproduct of Louis’ such growth, and irritation.

“This is the air of outside! This is the water of outside! This is the soil of outside! This is the blood of outside! A~h, amazing amazing amazing! It’s real! It’s rea~l!”

Lying sprawled on bare earth, whilst lovingly licking the soil, having his fill of the world with his entire body was a young boyーー no, though that very flesh body belonged to the personage who named himself as Ley Batenkaitos, the content within it was disparate.
It was not Ley wielding the right of control over that flesh body, and moving about freely.
Believed to possess the fate of being unable to leave the white world congenitally, Louis Arnebーー the Sin Archbishop of tragedy, it was her form having broken through the white cage for the first time.

It had been a coincidence.
Certainly, she did not think the Authority possessed such an ability. Or perhaps Louis’ craving spirit had stimulated the Authority to bloom instead, there was no definite answer. Neither was it momentous.
What was momentous, was that this had been realised. ーーThat she, had walked outside.

“Ahahahaha! Ahahahahahaha!”

Intervening between her restricted reality, Louis grandly guffawed for the fruit it bore.
It had become possible for her to borrow her elder brothers’ bodies, and independently manipulate that body, that Authority.
Andーー,

“Huh? Ley, just what is the meaning of this. While putting on airs as something like『Gourmet』and being fastidious, are you sure you didn’t get too hungry and go crazy?”

“A~hahaha! That’s wrong that’s wrong, that’s completely wrong. That’s wrong anyway, as that’s wrong, that’s certainly wrong, as that’s certainly wrong, that is wrong, because that’s wrong!”

“ーーーー”

“We are, Witch Cult Sin Archbishop representing『Gluttony』, Louis Arneb.”

Saying so, Louis gave greetings to the baffled Roy Alphard, using the body of Ley Batenkaitos.
For this had been the first time ever since she was born, did she get to even converse with her elder brothers, after all.

“It’s the cute, cute little sister, the third sibling of onii-chan and nii-sama. Please be loving, please be doting, please be well wishing, and please be caring, okay?”

△▼△▼△▼△
  ーーWant to become, happy.

ーーWant to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy.

ーーWant to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy.
  △▼△▼△▼△
  By borrowing the bodies of her elder brothers, she acquired a method to meddle with the outside world.
Her elder brothers’ supply of food did not halt, and as always, never did she suffer with hunger.

However, such long awaited opportunities, and jumping out into the outside world she much yearned for, Louis Arneb grew tired of it before long. ーーShe ended up growing tired it.

“Outside is pretty boring, more than what we tho~ught.”

In the end, a borrowed body was a borrowed body.
There lay no change in the fact that the real form of her self, who was unable to be free, was trapped inside the white world.
Rather, by firmly making certain of her shadow, she strangled her throat by herself.

“In the end, something like life…… is not what you eat, or how much you eat. Who you eat with, and yet.”

Her elder brothers, were living lives of their own. For that must be, why they were not seeking it.
Louis alone, had been dispossessed of her own life. For that must be, why she was eternally seeking it.

“Want to become, happy.”

Within the white world, whilst untidily scattering around countless『Memories』, she wished for that with all her ■.
That could have perhaps been the greatestーー or the sole desire, of Louis Arneb.

“Want to become happy.”

A desire unfulfilled.
Unfading regardless of her borrowing the bodies of her elder brothers, or kicking others as per her liking.
Albeit tasting rich『Lives』and getting drunk on momentary pleasures, it all perished immediately.

“Want to become happy.”

She grew tired of it. She had grown tired of it.
She wished for a life, which belonged to herself, and her alone. She wished for a body, a soul, a destiny.

“Want to become happy.”

Louis was sorrowful.
The origin of Louis’ sorrow, was that nowhere present a life which was her own.

“Want to become happy.”

However, at the same time, Louis knew herself.
Even if her fickle natured, easily resigning self attained a life that suddenly appeared before her, it would be inconceivable for her to be satisfied by that. After all, she had known.

In this world lay countless lives, in them lay the absolute amount of joyfulness, and they were primarily determined upon the result of the incorrigible great gambles.

In what way would things play out for a human belonging to a poor residence born into the harsh Holy Kingdom of Gusteko.
In what way would things play out for a human weak by birth born into Vollachia Empire, which valued warriors.
In what way would things play out for a slow-footed nitwit born into Kararagi City States, which expected perpetual progress.
In what way would things play out for a mixed race, a silver haired half devil born into the Kingdom of Lugnica, which was spoiled by ancient customs.

By possessing the selves of others, Louis was aware that they would not have a decent time.
However, to say joyfulness would be being affluent in those aspects, would be an immense mistake as well.

Being born into the household of a great priest in the Holy Kingdom of Gusteko, being born into the household of a general in Vollachia Empire, being born into the household of a distinguished merchant in Kararagi City States, being born into the household of any kind of an influential noble in the Kingdom of Lugnica, as one looked upward it continued without cease.

Louis, did not want to be inferior. She wanted to be affluent. She did not want to be looked down upon.

She had continued rating the lives of others.
Within those, naturally the lives who had received the worst evaluation, but withal the lives who had received the highest evaluation, it was not as if all of the items to be graded within them were the greatest. Even those highest evaluated lives, she could not gain satisfaction by.

“A~h, want to become happy.”

ーーLey and Roy, around that time, discovered a novel transfiguration of the Authority,『Eclipse』.

The ability the Authority of『Gluttony』was endowed with, was the ability to plunder the『Memories』, the『Names』, from others, chewing and digesting them. Applying that in practical use, the Authority of『Solar Eclipse』and『Lunar Eclipse』which reconstructed the plundered populace.

Drawing out techniques or knowledge from the『Memories』of others, and using them as one’s own belonging,『Lunar Eclipse』.
To the utmost it drew out skills, not the benefits of the likes of physical abilities, so the possibility of not utilising that power perfectly was high.
Conversely,『Solar Eclipse』used the captured『Name』as foundation, and reconstructed the person’s existence in its entirety, completely reconstructing the techniques polished by that flesh body, it could manifest strength to its maximum.

As an ability, it went without saying that『Solar Eclipse』was overwhelmingly excelling, but her two elder brothers preferred to exercise not『Solar Eclipse』, but『Lunar Eclipse』. ーーNo, perhaps it would be more accurate to say that they feared using『Solar Eclipse』, and found it repugnant.

According to Ley and Roy’s cognizance,『Solar Eclipse』seemed to drag along the thinking in the flesh body which had transformed.
That sensation felt as if their selves were being damaged, it was unendurable, was the two’s reasoning. Hearing what her elder brothers had to say, Louis, from the bottom of her ■, found it to be utterly ludicrous.

Despite even possessing their own flesh bodies, despite standing on a position where even their person had been established, to not be able to preserve their selves possessing firm beliefs, how deficient and puny must that self-consciousness be.
It was no jest to assume the airs of being more sorrowful than her, who possessed no flesh body of her own, did not have even her siblings be cognizant of her existence for greater than ten years, and had, at last, grown tired of even the sourness and sweetness of life.

The Authority of『Solar Eclipse』was very much splendid. Rather, for Louis it was convenient.
It would be no misstatement to say that precisely this was the power Louis Arneb longed for.

ーーLouis Arneb was craving for a life belonging to her alone, that too, a life which was the greatest.

That was unlike her elder brothers’ self-pleasure, who gained contentment by eating the lives of others and capturing『Memories』. A right further refined and ubiquitousーー Louis, wanted to live.

Birth could not be chosen.
That was the entire source of what brought forth sorrowful humans. However, Louis was different.
Louis, had acquired the power, the opportunity, to choose her birth, her life. She could heist the『Memories』of others, reconstruct them by way of『Solar Eclipse』, and make it to be her own belonging.

She had the ability, to choose life. ーーEverything, she could choose again.

She shall be fastidious, seeking the greatest『Memories』and『Name』which she was yet to see.
Though there had been some aligned favourably amongst what all Ley and Roy had eaten, they had not been perfect. There had been a dearth of novelty and ingenuity.
Happy homes, tender parents, wealthy livelihoods and rich environments, magnificent friends and seemingly destined companions, all of it seemed naught but “happiness which had seemingly been seen somewhere else”.

She was searching for not that, but the greatest life.

Having the ability to choose as per one’s liking, did not coincide with the fact that one would not get tired of what one was choosing. Getting tired of the countless platters lined up before her eyes, what could she possibly find enjoyable.

Louis Arneb, was searching for the greatest life. ーーShe had been searching.

That is whyーー,

  △▼△▼△▼△
ーーThat is why, when she happened upon Natsuki Subaru, Louis’ chest pulsated intensely.


“Oho? Onii-san is…… umm, Natsuki Subaru was it?”


To be precise, it did not throb the instant she had met him.

Natsuki Subaru’s outward appearance was not to Louis’ taste, to make it throb the instant of meeting him.
From start, though it seemed a face not to her taste, in accordance with the sense of values cultivated within Louis, the beauty which a vast majority of humans pictured would precisely be the face Louis would seek.
In that sense, there did not exist even a single atom which would throb for Natsuki Subaru’s outward appearance.

Moreover, from Louis’ perspective Natsuki Subaru was certainly a personage she had already known, but he was not someone she had been attentive of simply because he was in the『Memories』of others.
Though it was something not requiring much thought, the『Memories』present within Louis went up to enormous numbers. It was not simple to draw out the intended『Memories』from within that.
All the more when the opponent was one she held no interest in.

The reason why Louis yet recollected the opponent’s name at a single glance was because, not Louis, but one of her elder brothersーー Ley Batenkaitos had been considerably attached to that name.
If not mistaken, then there had been something mightily attached to Natsuki Subaru amongst the platters Ley had eaten.

‘ーーーー’

“This place? This place you see, is the cradle of Od Lagna…… the『Hall of Memories』. The place where the souls of dead people are filtered. As it’s rare for a person to come here maintaining one’s self, you shall be welcomed, onii-san. We, have too much boredom at hand, you see.”

Smiling sinisterly, Louis gave a warm reception to the visit of the rare guest.
Truth be told, there lay no dishonesty in those feelings of welcome. Louis longed for others, quite a bit.

The birthplace of Louis Arneb, the white world she could not leave, the『Hall of Memories』.
The reason why Louis was aware that this place had been designated that title, that the gigantic existence of unknown disposition was a workshop of such an enormous scale, was the result of her generally mobilising the knowledge of the『Memories』which Ley or Roy had eaten and hunted down.

Within the ones fallen prey to the Authority of『Gluttony』, there had been many wise men who, in reality, had done great studies which would remain for posterity, and had made historical findings. Without seeing the light of day, they had settled into the sole of the bellies of the three『Gluttony』siblings, but they were profoundly serving Louis.

In all honesty, Louis was not at all interested in the reason why she was born here, or why she was confined here.
Neither would there be any means to dispel those doubts, nor did she find it to be meaningful. She had assented it as that’s just how things were. Even if she was suddenly taken into the outside world at this point, it would have merely been troublesome in its own way.
The day she shall leave this place, must be the day she has discovered the greatest life.

‘ーーーー’

“Awa! Sorry sorry, name giving was still left, isn’t it! But, do forgive! After all, introducing like this while being sober doesn’t happen often in this place, you see!”

‘ーーーー’

“Well then, guess it’s introduction one more ti~me! ーーWe are Witch Cult Sin Archbishop representing『Gluttony』, Louis Arneb.”

‘ーーーー’

“Don’t know if it’ll be for a long time or short, but please be caring, okay, onii-san?”

The opponent was exceedingly surprised and distressed with regards to Louis, who named herself in that manner.
Obviously enough, standardly, humans who step afoot here do not possess the aim of coming here. Though occasionally there are some who thus slip in, Louis considered that as something like lost soulsーー rephrasing, the consequence of near-death experiences.

A situation where the『Soul』was easily separated from the flesh body, or a situation where it had come unstuck, perhaps.
From their perspectives, such situations were close to the feeling of being summoned out of the blue by Od Lagna.
If that were to be considered, possibly, Louis’ role was something like a guide who quelled the turmoil of people who had experienced near-death, and elucidated what this place was.
If that were to be considered as being atop Od Lagna’s invisible palm, that was, again, infuriating.

Of course, being looked down upon, but Louis also despised being directed.
That was the same as Od Lagna, an existence for whom that perpetually was the usual state of things. Louis did not want her life, which yet remained to commence, to be distorted by the interference of anyone but Louis.

‘ーーーー’

“Eh? Of course we do know? Ley and Roy…… onii-chan and nii-sama, right? Ah, ah, don’t get so excited, onii-san! As the two are just devoted to their little sister, you know.”

‘ーーーー’

“The two of them devouring here and there too, part of it is for our sake. They lack brains, and don’t have a grasp on our preferences at all either, but they are being considerate. Probably, isn’t it. But it can’t be helped, isn’t it. After all, all three of us have never even been together.”

‘ーーーー’

“By borrowing onii-chan or nii-sama’s body, you see, we have gone outside a wee bit on times, you know? But, when we do that the one lending his body goes to sleep and can’t be met, is what that means! That’s why, all three of us have never been together. Awa, spilled that out.”

Enumerating whilst speaking rapidly in somewhat agitation, Louis carefully observed the opponent’s reaction.
Slight panic, just a smidgen of daze. Somewhat preponderant rage, and a fairly strong sense of purpose. What was perplexed at first, had now regained presence of mind, possessing the ambience of trying to proceed ahead logically.

“He~h……”

Not bad, with that thought in her innermost ■, Louis licked her lips.
Whether it should be labelled as being accustomed to diving into scenes of carnage, he was suitably fast in adapting to situations. If observed and compared with the impression she had received at first, that was quite a mismatching attribute.
That which varied greatly from the original attribute, a posteriori, too was an attribute compelled into polishing.
What lay at its origin, Louis incited her appetite with interest, and alongsideーー,

“ーーAh, there it is there it is. This is it, right, onii-san.”

Whilst conversing, what Louis towed out were certain『Memories』.
The greatest reason why Ley, through a single platter which Ley had indulged in, was attached to the juvenile before her eyes. Reeling in and collecting the『Memories』mightily, potently calling out to that existence, Louis synchronized with them.

“ーーAwa.”

At that precise moment, her breathing was obturated by feelings of love overflowing out in the interior of her chest.
Welling up unaware of any bounds, the feelings of love for the juvenile within her sight. He was so beloved, so beloved, so in love with, it was unbearable. Louis’ small chest hottened, and her entire body throbbed with a sweet premonition.
With her eyes moist, her breaths sweet and warm, her lips smiled.
Andーー,


“Please don’t make such an anxious face. ーーSubaru-kun.”
ーーUpon that instant, there existed mighty, potent rejection.

‘ーーーー!!’

Honing his eyes whilst maintaining his rage, Natsuki Subaru charged ahead and pounced.
Though she possessed the impulse to accept his outbursting self by spreading both her arms wide, she somehow immobilised that and sharply crawled into his chest in accordance with『Memories』.
Catching ahold of the juvenile’s arms with smooth movement, pulling him towards herself she gave him a twisting throw. With a flesh body which was not a real object, hallucinating the sound of his bones creaking, the juvenile, giving rise to a roar of anguish, was held down onto the white floor by her.

‘ーーーー’

“Please stop. If you throw yourself so bravely, it will be embarrassing. ーーSomething like that.”

Utilising the『Memories』which thought lovingly of the juvenile, she held the juvenile down through sheer force. With her sadistic ■ fulfilled, she ended up relaxing the edges of her mouth. As if giving further satisfaction to that desire to afflict belonging to Louis’ ■, frantically continuing to scream was Natsuki Subaru’s voice, as he twisted his body.
His form, earnestly calling for rage for the sake of someone elseーー upon that, incidentally, Louis tilted her head.
“ーーOnii-san, why do you remember the『Memories』we had stolen?”


It had been an unnatural response.
Perceiving that whilst holding him down, Louis greatly twisted her neck.

The『Memories』eaten by『Gluttony』did not remain extant within the person concerned, the『Names』eaten by『Gluttony』did not remain extant within other people. That is because the Authority tore them off from the『Soul』, which defined existence in the world.
The proper cleansing of the『Soul』by Od Lagna, which was practiced in the『Hall of Memories』ーー arbitrarily acting as its agent, and stealthily deceiving, plundering and harvesting was what the Authority of『Gluttony』was.

Therefore, the『Memories』and『Names』snavelled by『Gluttony』did not remain extant within anyone. Restrictively, though there had been ones who had only『Memories』, only『Names』stolen away, respective negative effects got applied.
If the『Memories』were stolen then said person, if the『Name』was stolen then other people, could no longer remember the person concerned. That could not be altered as long as the disposition of the『Soul』remained within the protection of Od Lagna.

Yet, Natsuki Subaru did remember.
The ingredient, the soul which had been rendered naked, having both sides of『Memories』and『Name』gotten stolen.
Despite not being supposed to be able to remember it. Why, why, whyーー.

‘ーーーー’

“We may have developed a bit of interest in onii-san now. Though it seems onii-chan will resent us.”

Licking her lips, Louis dyed her cheeks with welling passion.
It was the opponent Ley had been attached to. To have that food snitched detachedly from the side, would surely make even Ley take befitting offence. Though Ley was actually quite soft and sweet to his little sister, the major premise of him listening to her selfishness was to the utmost until they did not cross each other’s appetite.

Appetite was,『Gluttony』was, the meaning of living for Louis, for Ley, and for Roy as well.
To have that be invaded arbitrarily could not let their ■ remain calm.

“If a dear platter that has been looked forward to is usurped, even if by a sibling, even killing them would be something that can’t be helped, isn’t it. ーーAh, but, how irresistible, onii-san.”

Whilst twisting his arms behind his back, she drew her lips closer to the nape of the juvenile pushed onto the floor.
It was something alike the form of the spirit with no true substance. She could not sense the taste of sweat from him, who was in the state of mere『Soul』. Though by nature, even pain was something similar to hallucination, she did not intend to expressly inform him.
Merely, the feelings of love she wanted to be in contact with erupted. ーーIt seemed the owner of these『Memories』had been attached to this juvenile greater than what was appropriate. She could feel that strongly.

“Well, right now that goes for us.”

Should it even be a hearsay『Memory』, now that it had been stored like this, it belonged to her.
She could slightly understand Ley or Roy’s feeling of fear for『Eclipse』. She held no fear, but she did understand that the two’s premonition was correct. ーーPerhaps, if she continued at this pace,

“We, will certainly end up loving onii-san, isn’t it.”

‘ーーーー’

“……E~h? Nauseating you say, that is so ha~rsh. Because despite everything we are still a girl, even though we mustered up courage and confessed, how cruel. Ah, you’re acting violently again. That won’t do, onii-san. It won’t hurt so please calm down, okay?”

‘ーーーー’

“There’s no way we would hurt onii-san, you know. After all, he is so beloved. That’s why calm your ■.”

No matter her tenderly addressing him in an effort to calm him down, she faced opposition through frantic meagre movement.
With the name of the『Memories』called countless times, Louis had her entire body tremble with a sensation terribly ecstatic. This ecstacy, could only be tasted from a personage remembering one who had their『Name』stolen.
Namely, a flavour which Louis had never tasted.

ーーAn unknown, sweet, sweet berry.

“ーーNatsuki Subaru.”

ーーWhat shall, your flavour be?
“Let’s eat.”
Seeking the answer to that glacé inquisitiveness of her ■, Louis tenderly licked the juvenile’s nape with her scarlet tongue. Calling his name, whilst tasting a lanuginous texture on the tip of her tongue, amiably, suavely, she licked.
In the significance of being fulfilled, what was termed as appetite lay similar to sexual desire.
Within such strengthening of affection for the person before her eyes, for even this unremitting appetite to be fulfilled, this must now be something alike copulation sought after sordidly.
People who mutually valued each other, blend within the existence known as Louis.
The sufficiency of that flavour, or how a saccharine a thing would it beーー,
“Thank you for the treat.”
Savouring adequately, as per her contentment, Louis conveyed her gratitude for the food through words.
That was the procedure of『Gluttony’s』mealーー invoking the name of the opponent whose『Memories』are desired to be stolen, peeling off one section of the『Soul』from the opponent’s flesh body, and eating that.

ーーWhat are termed as『Memories』, are things similar to sediments accumulated upon the『Soul』.

It was also possible to adorn that with alluring words, such as feasts dished upon white platters.
However, should everything be exposed to its origin, what shall be stretching before would be the meaninglessness of adorning it beautifully. That was the cognizance of Louis, who was affixed with the Authority of『Gluttony』, and the ability to indulge in those『Souls』, Louis’ privilege.

With this, the entirety of what was associated with the『Soul』of the juvenile before her eyes shall get particularized.
What would then remain, would be for her to mix it with the『Memories』of the young girl already within Louis, then have her fill of what nature of chemical reaction it would causeーー,

‘ーーYou, just now, what did you do to me.’

With a voice not supposed to be audible echoing, for the first time, Louis faced Natsuki Subaru himself.
Until then it had not seemed like they had been conversing. They had not faced each other as if facing each other. It had been naught but such a vague, drowning dream.
That was, for Louis too, an occasion of never before seen circumstances, abruptly getting tinged with colours.

What had been said, just now.

“……Onii-san, it can’t be, you remember us?”
A gaze charged with mighty, potent animosity, was the answer to Louis’ doubt.

“ーーAh.”
That had been the moment Louis’ slim, petite chest throbbed at a definite high rate of pulsation.
    △▼△▼△▼△
Why, in spite of getting『Memories』eaten, could he remain composed.
Why, even now, was he glaring at Louis with such a look in his eyes.
Why, despite within such bewilderment, was Louis having her chest throb so intensely.

Why, why, why, why, whyーー.

Rather, that could have perhaps been the impetus deserving to be called premonition.

“Why, does onii-san remember us?”

Whilst glaring at the back of Natsuki Subaru’s head, under her eyes, whom she had held down, what Louis suspected at first was the possibility of having failed at the meal.
In the Authority of Louis and the others, of『Gluttony』there were a certain set of protocols absolutely necessary.
The prime amongst them was to know the name of the opponent who was to be eaten, this was an indispensable element necessary for meddling with the『Soul』of the opponent.
Therefore, in the case of seizing an alias, the Authority was rendered powerless.
And, till now there had been a number of cases of having failed at the meal.
In those cases, the one to face the painful experience had always been either one of Ley or Roy, so not even once had Louis herself faced the painful experience butーー,

“Onii-chan and nii-sama, felt unpleasant like it was painful but……”

Louis stiffened up her body, assuming there would be similar recoil upon her.
However, though she waited for a long time, there were no signs of that supposed recoil rushing upon Louis.
To begin with, new『Memories』were certainly being poured within Louis.

“Watchtower of the『Sage』, dear comrades, and there were『Trials』……”

Murmuring indicating approval, as if carefully reading a single book within her mind, Louis became entranced with excavating through the new『Memories』.
Appending to the fact that there occurred no recoil, she was being successful in the extortion of『Memories』.
Referring to those『Memories』, she had comprehended what Natsuki Subaru and his comrades were doing, and even the sequence of events due to which he strayed into this『Hall of Memories』.
What remained, was for Natsuki Subaru’s specialness to beーー,

“ーーHuh.”

Upon that instant, the voluminousness of the impact which was firmly placed upon Louis, what words shall be apt enough to describe it.

“ーーーー”

Astound due to the overwhelming substance, with the strength in her arms fading, she widened her eyes.
Prodding that interval, the held down Natsuki Subaru made his escape from Louis’arms. Taking distance at the same pace, he took a fighting pose nothing too impressive.
Though it was opposition rather comical and creasing up, Louis was not made to laugh at it.
There existed no scope for her, to be laughing over that.

The impact of having seen something improbable, was stabbing through Louis’ petite physique.
That wasーー,

“Why, are there『Memories』of the time of dying?”

‘ーーーー’

“No, that’s not all. That’s not all, onii-san. It’s of course strange to have the『Memories』of the time of dying. Plenty odd, you know. But, it’s strange. After all……”

‘ーーーー’

“After all, in the『Memories』we ate, there’s nothing like the『Memories』of killing onii-san, yet onii-san has the 『Memories』of getting killed!”

That was, something abnormal.
There was no origin, what was occuring was a mysterious paradox.

Ah, the influence of Natsuki Subaru’s『Memories』, the repertoire of words originally she was not supposed to be aware of increase. It was a paradox. Under the emergency due to the paradox, Schrödinger’s Maxwell’s Einstein was Nikola Teslaーー!

“What is this!? What’s the meaning of this!?『Memories』are different from delusion, you know!? The sediments stuck onto the『Soul』, can’t be distorted or bent as how one pleases! That’s why! This is the world onii-san witnessed ~tsu! This is, the history onii-san tasted! This is, the story of onii-san, only onii-san knows ~tsu!”

Putting her fingers into her long, long golden-coloured hair, Louis detonated her flaring impulse.
Not even for a single second could she remain without hurling it instead of simply stockpiling this impulse. The very instant she did so, Louis Arneb erupted. Erupting and scattering across in all directions, her mind was fractionated into tiny fragments.

“New…… new new new new new new new new! New sense of values ~tsu!”

It had been her meeting with that.
Her meeting with an article which surpassed all imagination, which Louis had not known, had not seen, had not thought of.
Her entire body transfixed by lightning, she was unable to think of anything else but that. What else could this be possibly called, should it not be called destiny. What name, should possibly be affixed to these emotions.

“Onii-san, could it be you’re the same as us? Aren’t you a Sin Archbishop?”

‘ーーーー’

“Though we have never met directly, Petelgeuse said so! That the Factors were supposed to have reached. That since the positions of Sins were filled, eventually everyone would gather! That vacant seat is the seat belonging to onii-san…… belonging to me, is it not?”

‘ーーーー!!’

“Ahahahahahahahahaha! Don’t get angry, don’t get angry please, onii-san! Don’t make us perplexed, any more than this, onii-san! At this point, our mind is at its absolute limit, this small chest is about to burst open it really hurts. Ah, ah, ah! Amazing, amazing, amazing!”

Tapping continuously, striking the temple of her own forehead with her fingers, Louis chewed the『Memories』down to its very bones.
Difficult to believe in. Unable to be believed in. The margin of having it believed in, existed only in a fortuitous meeting with none but『Gluttony』.
Since Louis could jointly own the same『Memories』, she could believe in Natsuki Subaru’s progression. ーーNo, she could not believe in it, but savvy it as fact.
For this was the journey, Louis Arneb had traversed as well.

“Ah, what『Pride』!! Unfair…… unfair unfair! Unfair unfair unfair unfair unfair unfair unfair unfair unfair unfair!! ーーMm, wonderful ~tsu! Onii-san, you really die again and again, again and again and again, isn’t it!”

‘ーーーー’

“Wa~h, amazing! You’re really dying! You’re dying so miserably, onii-san! Again and again, you’re dying without any method of succeeding, onii-san! Even something like this is possible, right, onii-san!” 

A round of applause, a standing ovation, congratulations for taking birth.
Gratitude for the miracle of meeting you, the train to future which shall advance with me.

“Welling forth inspiration! Receiving stimulus and innovation! Onii-san, so you came from a place not here, not anywhere huh! Ah, we can’t even think, anymo…… re.”

Spouting sentiments without confining her momentum, Louis, who was unreservedly immersed by it making no effort for resistance, suddenly recognised that potentiality. ーーNo, she inclined her ears towards her inner voice.

To know a scenery unknown, to have taken birth in a world untold, all were finest quality full courses which would fulfill the hunger called the inquisitiveness of Louis’ ■.
However, the speciality of Natsuki Subaru which was deserving of utmost attention wasーー,

“ーーMemories of『Death』.”

Not supposed to exist. Absolutely unattainable, there existed the memories of『Death』and beyond.
This was principally dissimilar to something like near-death experiences, which were like cheap test tours. A phenomenon established due to the『Soul』shattering, life slashed into a thousand fragments, the lifeline terminating in its true essence.
The other side of the River of Three Crossings, the border of the living world and netherworld, which was impossible to rebound from. Neither swimming through it nor striding across it, the『Memories』of redoing the life supposed to have been robbed awayーー.

“ーー『Return by Death』.”

That was how Louis read the greatest showpiece of the『Memories』blossoming within herself.
Accumulating the experiences of sundry『Deaths』as memories, that which could not be carved into『Memories』even once he handed over to his next self as something certain.
And that Natsuki Subaru had surmounted all kinds of hardships.

“Amazing amazing, onii-san! Truly amazing! We’ve been moved deeply. We admire it from the bottom of our ■. You really can do something like that. Overcoming『Death』, with complete freedom!”

‘ーーーー’

“No no, no need to be modest. We are serious, you know? We really do find onii-san to be enviable. After all, something like the memories of『Death』, nobody possesses it no matter what ~tsu.”

‘ーーーー’

“Also also, why is it so? Why are you all composed despite getting『Memories』stolen by us? What specialness is it?『Soul’s』save? Backup? Invariance? Makes no sense makes no sense!”

Within the struggling, writhing Natsuki Subaru existed numerous, multitudinous『Memories』of the time of dying.
That was stimulation Louis, by no means, managed to acquire. Furthermore, to continue to die interminably, the power with the ability to stockpile『Death』was the target of her jealousy.

“ーーWant it.”

She desired the power of『Return by Death』.
Not for it being capable of repeating『Death』. Naturally, that fresh stimulation was also a factor eternally captivating Louis, but what was further momentous was the ability to『Redo』.

ーーLouis Arneb was searching for the greatest life.

And, the conclusion derived by Louis, having indulged in diverse lives, was that what was termed as the greatest life was neither being affluent, nor being loved by many, nor being blessed with a high status.
What was termed as the greatest life, referred to the life which “went as one wished”.

Anything and everything, would occur as one believed, as one expected, as one wished.
Without any flaws, without any incompletion, without any irrationality, the perfect world view.
She had always searched a method for its realisation. The answer to that was an endlessly unbearing darkness within Louis, but finally, she understood.

“ーーIt’s『Return by Death』.”

Should she procure that, she would be able to recover from conflicts, from failures.
Should she know what shall happen in future, she would be able to cope with it. If only she can know, what failure shall occur, what irrationality shall await, what incompletion shall she come across.

“We can, live the greatest lifeーー!”

‘ーーーー’

“What should be done? What should be done in order to steal it? If onii-san’s『Return by Death』is an Authority, then it can’t be stolen by just eating. It’s different from things that come attached with『Memories』and『Names』. Witch Factors are the antithesis of Od Lagna, after all! It won’t come detached easily! That’s why……”

That is why, was an Authority to be stolen, there was no choice but to steal the Witch Factor itself.
However, even Louis was unaware of a method to steal as far as Witch Factors. Until now, never had she wished for an Authority belonging to other Sin Archbishops. That kind of a bunch was disgusting to even come in contact with.
Howeverーー,

“Onii-san, the Authority of the killed Petelgeuse, you’re using it……?”

The『Unseen Hand』present within the『Memories』had weakened in both numbers and range from the original, but indubitably was the the power utilised by that lunatic. In other words, that was none but proof that several Witch Factors were being stocked in the interior of Natsuki Subaru.
Stocking Witch Factors, if that was possible thenーー,

“We will absolutely, no matter what, get our hands on『Return by Death』. Onii-san’s Authority, is our hope. If that can be obtained, we will……”

‘ーーーー’

“We will, be able to live our own life ~tsu!!”
Want to become, happy.
Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy.
Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happyーー.

“The method for that, is right there…… the method, for that…… ~tsu.”

‘ーーーー’

“ーー~hk! How arbitrary! Something like『Return by Death』is nothing so good? A person possessing it can’t understand the feelings of a person who doesn’t possess it ~tsu!”

Something like allotted persuasion which had seemingly been heard somewhere else was nothing but tedious.
One who had continued using that power as per his contentment, disliking using that power seemed foolish.
That is why, she shall definitely obtain it. Absolutely, definitely, with certainty.
What shall be doneーー.

“What shall be done, in order to steal the Authority…… wrong. That’s wrong, it’s wrong anyway, as it’s wrong, certainly it is wrong, as it’s too wrong, we’re saying it’s wrong, because it is wrong ~tsu! Gluttonous drinking ~tsu! Gluttony ~tsu!”

Clapping her hands mightily, potently, Louis widened her eyes.
Unraveling her sharp fangs, she applauded suggesting how clear-headed her self was.

Before one could notice, the means and objective switched positions.
However, that wasn’t the case. That was not the case.
Louis’ objective was not to plunder because she wanted to『Return by Death』, because she could amusingly live the greatest life by obtaining『Return by Death』.
It was no good to have the bad habit of considering things hazardously remain clinging, because of having played something like Sin Archbishop representing『Gluttony』for a long period of time. Problematic. Imprisoning in fixated notions. That was a cause of defeat.
It was simple. If it was not to plunder, but to obtainーー,

“ーーIt’ll be fine if we, just become.”

‘ーーーー’

“It’ll be fine if we, just become onii-san. If we become onii-san, and have him be consumed by the Authority of『Gluttony』…… we can integrate Witch Factors. Since if it’s onii-san, then they can be stocked.”

Saying so, Louis plucked her cheeks with both her hands, continuously, forcefully, tempted into violence.
Not an endearing gesture, but excruciating, she did so wielding the intention of injuring. For what purpose. To tear apart her flesh and blood, and dividing herself, that was the purpose.

“You know the Three Great Witch Beasts? It’s said that those, are monsters created by the owner of the Witch Factor long before us. We too, can do something similar. We didn’t do that because there wasn’t really any meaning in doing so…… but, you see.”

‘ーーーー’

“ーーIf we think of doing it, then we can do anything.”

ーーIf we think of doing it, then we can do anything.

That was, what is called the monster of potentiality.
That was, what is called the potentiality of a pure existence, prior to taking birth.
That was, one affixed with the destiny of living the greatest life, hereafter in the future.

ーーThat was, the destiny of the utmost joyful being, named Louis Arneb.

” “ーーThat is, the existence known as us.” “

The speech of the slowly spinning Louis, was overlapped and enunciated.
The phenomenon of hearing the same voice doubled, was not some kind of auditory hallucination or mishearing. That was in accordance with the occurrence happening, for there appeared two of the same people, with the same voice, with the same tone.

“Got surprised by onii-san’s『Memories』but, Arneb is a star of the constellation of the hare, huh? It was also astonishing that onii-san and the others were the ones to destroy the Sizeable Hare too.”
“But, if that’s the case then it doesn’t become too much of a surprise? How come we multiplied, or is it onii-san’s great delight that cute Louis-chan multiplied? No, huh. No, eh. So onii-san is the type who doesn’t sexually desire little girls. Hmm, is that so?”

Observing the opponent who was frozen in place, with his eyes widened in astonishment, Louis linked her shoulders with the existence standing immediately beside herーー namely, the same Louis. Within this place, called the『Hall of Memories』which was separated from reality, Louis was merely an existence of a Witch Factor possessing no flesh body and a『Soul』joint together, other than that, it rather seemed that the respective names of the three siblings corresponded with the Three Great Witch Beasts, though that, well, did not matter.

Anyhow, separating the Witch Factor into two, Louis Arneb multiplied into two.
This was a stunt perhaps Ley and Roy, who feared losing their selves upon the utilisation of『Solar Eclipse』, those two were not capable of. To know it was possible to duplicate oneself, also tied together with forfeiting the true essence of one’s real self.
However, that did not apply to Louis, whose self had been established as vague from start.

It was possible to have one Louis, two Louis, and so on.
With this, Louis Arneb obtaining Natsuki Subaru’s Authority was.

‘ーーーー’

“Eh? What?”

The juvenile, the receptacle of the Witch Factor, declared some words.
Upon glancing at the juvenile, aside from the glamour called『Return by Death』, simply feelings of love welled up. Finding that annoying, Louis abandoned the『Memories』emerging to the surface.
Upon peeling them off of her own『Soul』, she discarded and abandoned them with the notion of them being useless.

ーーNo, that was not simply a notion. Truth be told, they were indeed useless now.

All of the『Memories』had been mere fillers until the greatest life was discovered, naught but side dishes. However, Louis Arneb had finally reached her full course.

” “ーーIf we think of doing it, then we can do anything.” “

That is why, she shall tread onto this path.
Eating into Natsuki Subaru, from the interior. Chewing the eaten into Natsuki Subaru, from the exterior, sparing not a single bitーー Louis Arneb, shall obtain Natsuki Subaru.

‘ーーYou’ll, ■ ■ ■.’

Until the very end of the end, the receptacle continued saying something.
However, what had it been saying, something like that no longer held any relevance. Licking the sediments stuck onto the『Soul』with her tongue, Louis inherited the『Memories』.
And, within the receptacle which had forgotten anything and everything, Louis personally had herself appended to the Witch Factor.
As for the restーー,

“As for the rest, it’s fine to simply wait for completion.”

Unremittingly waiting in the『Hall of Memories』, was something she had grown all too accustomed to.
Problem lied in the usage of the『Memories』. There was a scheme for stealing『Memories』once again from an opponent who had already been eaten once. The gourmet Authority did not deem the menu of the same name, the same taste as a separate article in its judgement.
That is why, there present was a need to alter the flavour from the『Soul』.

Into an article separate to such an extent that it was not possible to recall that it had once been atop the tongue of Louis, of『Gluttony』.
Anticipating it proves to be the taste of the finest quality, that which Louis Arneb had fervidly awaited.
Hoping it achieves completion into the greatest, utmost, supreme dish.

Looking forward to that moment, whilst licking her lips, and longingーー,
    △▼△▼△▼△
  ???: “So. Did you get to see what you wanted to see. ーーLouis Arneb.”

Louis: “Huh?”

Upon the sudden accost, Louis, who had gained awakening of her consciousness, rounded her eyes.
Blinking a few times, she made certain of her location. White environs, white ground and white skies, standing within the world blanketed white, Louis had been making a stupefied expression.

Louis: “ーーーー”

Having her hand touch her face, making contact, she made certain of the sensation.
Since there was no mirror in this place she could not take a look, but this sensation was irrefutably her own face. With there not being even any moderate amusements in this place, speaking of things touchable, only her own face, own body counted as one.
That is why, she had touched her face to an extent one would grow sick of touching it. That is why, upon touching her face she had grown sick of touching, she could immediately know in what state her face, her body was.
Just as before. Yes, just as before. ーーThis was, Louis’ own body.

???: “Did you get to see what you wanted to see, huh?”

Slowly, stupefied, making certain of herself was Louis.
With that behaviour reaching a point where it could pause, abruptly, the accost now overlapped once again. Lifting her face, Louis looked at the personage who had been standing before her, in front of her eyes all along.

Rather short black hair and stabbing sanpaku eyes, with legs the same length as his body, wearing a shabby appearance was the juvenile.
His name, Natsuki Subaru. The existence Louis herself had become one with as a Witch Factor, andーー,

Louis: “ーーAh.”

ーーAnd, the being of unimaginable insanity, wielding the Authority which had the ability to『Return by Death』.

Louis: “No, NOOOOOooooooOOOOOooOOoOOooooーー ~tsu!!”

Louis opened her mouth, and roared.
As long as the strength remained, as long as the possibility remained, with complete devotion she roared.
Should she have not done that, she would get crushed by the pressure. By the terror, by the menace, by the despair.

She would get snared in the insanity of a lunatic, who repeated and resumed continuing『Death』time after time.

Louis: “Don’t want to die! We, don’t want to die! Hate it, hate it hate it hate it hate it, hate it hate it hate it hate it hate it hate it! Hate it! Hate i~t ~tsu!!”

Swinging her head, collapsing onto the bare ground, Louis frantically appealed while drawing back.
Assimilating with that existence, Louis had personally experienced『Death』. She had tasted it. By being taken in by the『Soul』who practiced『Return by Death』by her own volition, she had experienced『Return by Death』first-hand, which turned back even time.

The memories of『Death』that had been incomplete as merely Natsuki Subaru’s『Memories』.
After all, memories were naught but memories. The sensational impact of never returning again upon letting go even once of that instant, of that juncture, of that moment, could never be obtained.
That had been, why she thirsted for that. She had thirsted, for what flavour『Death』had.

Even if『Death』had been something less vivid than what Louis had expected, using the Authority that goes by the name of『Return by Death』, she could gain sufficient change with the right to walk a life in which redoing was a possibility.
That, is what she believed. ーーUntil she herself, tasted『Death』that is.

Louis: “Something like that…… something like that, can never be withstood! That anguish! Sense of loss! No way can it be withstood! Impossible! Impossible impossible! Absolutely impossible! Hate i~t!”

Not even once, had she possessed a way to die comfortably.
Not even once, had she felt『Death』to be luscious.
Not even once, had she wished to die on her own volition.

Natsuki Subaru had tasted that greater than twenty times, and had replayed that.

Louis: “Someone who can withstand that, is not human! Monster! A monste~r ~tsu!”

She could not. No way she could.
Louis had indulged in a great number of lives, affronted all kinds of『Souls』, and had searched a life of her own.
She believed she had possessed the right, the privilege, to do so.
That is why, she stretched her hands even into the『Soul』of Natsuki Subaruーー the consequence, she got her naive ■ shattered.
Becauseーー,

Louis: “ーーThe human heart, cannot withstand something like itself dyi~ng ~tsu!!”

Want to become, happy.
Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy.
Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Want to become happy. Wantedーー to become happy.

Wanted to become, happy.

That was, the wish Louis Arneb had envisaged all along, for the whole time.
Trampling upon all aspects of everything, she possessed the right to exercise her power for the purpose of acquiring the greatest life. Louis had remained, believing so without any pangs of conscience whatsoever, until today.
That, that, that, that premise, crumbled.

Wanted to become, happy. However, right now, the wish right now, was different.

Louis: “Don’t want to die.”

Don’t want to die.

Don’t want to die. Don’t want to die. Don’t want to die.

Don’t want to die don’t want to die don’t want to die don’t want to die don’t want to die don’t want to die don’t want to die don’t want to die don’t want to die don’t want to die don’t want to die don’t want to die don’t want to die don’t want to die don’t want to die don’t want to die don’t want to die don’t want to die don’t want to die don’t want to die don’t want to die don’t want to die don’t want to die don’t want to die don’t want to die don’t want to die don’t want to die don’t want to die don’t want to die don’t want to die don’t want to die don’t want to die don’t want to die don’t want to die don’t want to die don’t want to die don’t want to die don’t want to die don’t want to die don’t want to die don’t want to die don’t want to die don’t want to dieーー.

Subaru: “That is why, when you were trying to eat me, I told you.”

Her arms hugging her head, cowering, shaking her head in fear, desperately trying to protect herself was Louis.
In close proximity to that Louis, immediately above Louis, who did not raise her face, onward came a voice descending.
She did not want to listen to even that. Listening was terrifying. However, something which may befall upon her due to not listening was terrifying. ーーDying was frightening.

That is why, she had no choice but to listen.
And, whilst looking down upon Louis curling herself in fear, the voice continued.
It’s preface, saying you had been warnedーー,

Subaru: “That you’ll, definitely regret it.”


Chapter 77
“ーーーー”
ーーWith the young girl who had experienced『Return by Death』and was sobbing with her hands on her head before his eyes, Natsuki Subaru intently stared at his own palm.
It was not as if he was feeling hurt after having been called a monster, after having been spoken ill of.
That he was crazy. That it was impossible to withstand, he agreed with those notions as well.
Subaru himself, had died countless times until now.
He was aware of something as basic as those experiences being unordinary. But he had simply gritted his teeth, and endured it.
Believing with all his heart that it would be better for him to suffer than the death of someone aside from himself, a friend or an acquaintance, people whose names and faces he did not know, his precious comrades or the people he loved.
That wasーー,
Subaru: “ーーYeah, I sure am amazing, right, Natsuki Subaru.”
Tightly clenching the fist he had been gazing, Subaru『Sang His Own Praises』from the bottom of his heart.
He had been commended, through loose-lipped logic impossible to be held true. Such words had been used as if to console oneself, or for encouraging oneself.
However, the『Singing His Own Praises』just now had been different.
The『Memories』and『Real Experience』which had observed the existence named Natsuki Subaru terribly objectively, were commending the path oneself had walked until now.
Subaru: “Dang. I’m unexpectedly a pretty big deal, huh.”
And that was something which『Natsuki Subaru』, who had lost his『Memories』and had returned to the starting point of being summoned into the different world, and ultimately reached this point after taking a deep read of the『Books of the Dead』, could also be told.
Starting from being ignorant with regards to the different world, accumulating personal experiences of『Death』sufficient to equal the single year Subaru had lived through, and had returned without letting his heart shatter into pieces, impressively.
Thanks to that, the lost『Memories』and the『Memories』thereafter had been unified.
Subaru: “Meili, Shaula, entrusted to me, and I will take responsibility for them.”
Meili, for whom murder had become a habit, and had locked herself into a dark future.
Shaula, who had been liberated from a vain wait which lasted for four hundred years, and wished to continue the blessed present.
Subaru: “Ram and Julius, both of them sure act unreasonably. For those two to be doing that, that’s quite a feat.”
Ram, who already knew the best possible option, and displayed prudence more reliable than anyone.
Julius, who had lost his own resort, yet embraced faith and still resumed holding the sword.
Subaru: “Beatrice and Echidna, I’ve really been a bother to them as well. Geez, I’m such a……”
Beatrice, who dedicatedly supported Subaru, and noticed the limits of his heart before anyone else.
Echidna, who was utmost suspicious regarding Subaru’s amnesia, and had granted him forgiveness at its extremity.
“ーーーー”
And, no matter if he lost his『Memories』, no matter how many times he redid, he ultimately returned to the path of being drawn towards you.
He wanted to do that. He must do that. He could not think of any other path.
That is how much, you areーー,
Subaru: “ーーEMT.”
With love and certain tranquility on his lips, Subaru raised his face.
And looked at Louis, who still had her face covered and was shivering.
Subaru: “Hey.”
Louis: “Eek ~hk!”
Subaru: “……You’re too scared.”
Subaru scratched his cheek with a single finger upon her being excessively frightened by a single call.
She was a young girl with an outward appearance which could unobjectionably be called young. The form of that young girl shivering in fear, desperately rejecting the world was a sight heavy to the chest. It seemed she had been endowed with something akin to fleeting fragility which would make one thoughtlessly extend a hand to her, by birth.
Surely, an attainment of the nature to undo the opponent’s vigilance and crawling into their interior. ーーThat could perhaps be, a crystal pure like a child that had been coercively refined.
That Louis Arneb, who did not know of the world, was like an innocent, pure child.
Howeverーー,
Subaru: “ーーLouis Arneb, you lose.”
ーーNatsuki Subaru shall not forgive Louis Arneb, who was sobbing like a child.
“ーーーー”
Louis widened her eyes, frozen, upon the verification of defeat that had been slammed right before her.
Whilst witnessing fear fill her eyes like ink spilled on a white sheet, Subaru’s heart yet remained peaceful like the calm at sea.
The world was not filled with problems that could be ignored simply because of not knowing. And the deeds Louis or her siblings had committed were countless inhuman and demonic atrocities.
It was not as if she did not get a chance to know. Through the『Memories』of others, she must have also had a chance to come in contact with human emotions, likes and dislikes and learn from them.
However, what she absorbed from there was not something akin to affection for others, but a further dusky, grisly desire, and the conduct of trampling upon and spitting on the effortful lives of others.
Perhaps the fault was that of her teachers. Her elder brothers, had been bad role models of her life.
However, it was her decision to never use any chance to return back from the mistaken path.
Subaru: “You may know as well if you were a part of me. But the ranks which you all…… Sin Archbishops name yourself as is common with the seven deadly sins. “Seven deadly sins” is a pretty english term for chuunibyou purveyors, but there also exist the “Seven heavenly virtues” which are something close it.”
The seven deadly sins,『Pride』『Envy』『Wrath』『Gluttony』『Sloth』『Lust』『Greed』.
And the seven heavenly virtues,『Chastity』『Humility』『Temperance』『Patience』『Diligence』『Charity』『Kindness』.
If the seven deadly sins were karma impossible to be sundered from humans as long as they live, then these were seven conventions which mustn’t be forgotten in order for humans carrying the burden of those sins to live with others.
Because they respect that, humans can live with other humans.
Subaru: “But, you all…… you, violated that.”
That is why, the Sin Archbishops, Louis Arneb had become an unforgivable great evil.
Louis: “Eek, eek, eek……”
The frightened, curled up Louis was struck with Subaru’s words and was shivering as if she had experienced agony.
The slightest effort of others, of the world connected to fear. Subaru was also aware of that sensation.
Having tasted the other-worldly sensation called『Return by Death』, in a situation of not knowing how to surmount the obstacle however much one may『Die』, even the sound of dry leaves swaying in the breeze seemed fatal to life.
Because he remembered that feeling akin to the soul being frozen, Subaru closed his eyes.
And,
Subaru: “Louis Arneb, you lose.”
“ーーーー”
Subaru: “So, recognise that and release anything and everything.”
Once again, Subaru repeated her defeat such that she could hear it herself. On top of that, he pushed a firm demand toward the young girl, who remained silent upon hearing that.
The return of Subaru’s own『Memories』was due to the chance meeting between Natsuki Subaru, who lost his memories, and Natsuki Subaru of the moment immediately previous to his memories being robbedーー since his advance through the different world was replayed in the『Books of the Dead』, he was able to restore his own memories in the from of tracing them back.
In the form of re-experiencing the stolen『Memories』by utilising the『Books of the Dead』.
And fulfilling the unification of Subaru before and after losing『Memories』, the result was the successful second advent of Natsuki Subaru.
As it’s byproduct, Louis, who had gotten into Subaru in the form of a Witch Factor, had been forced out as a foreign substance. However Subaru had witnessed with his own eyes, her self-indulgent treatment of the stolen『Memories』of freely bringing them out and peeling them off.
If that was possible then a method to save the people who had their『Memories』, their『Names』robbed would beーー,
Subaru: “If we think of doing it, then we can do anything is what you said, right. Then……”
From being conceited and bragging about her own abilities, she had even succeeded in a stunt like splitting the Witch Factor into two.
Since she had achieved that, then surely it wasn’t impossible for her to cancel out the effects of her own Authority. If that, that alone, could come true, then perhapsーー,
ーーIt would be possible to recover the people who got their『Memories』and『Name』stolen, to recover Rem.
Subaru: “Then, release all of the people you’ve eaten up until now. If you do that……”
Louis: “……Do that, then what?”
“ーーーー”
Subaru articulated powerfully, but Louis shortly intercepted that voice.
Louis remained on white floor in the posture of pulling her knees towards herself, making her long, long golden hair spreading out on the floor blanket herself, she was glaring at Subaru through the gaps of her hair.
What dwelled in her eyes, was the sole unquestionable hue of fear.
Louis: “Do that, then what?”
Repeating, Louis piled up the same question yet again.
Subaru had been caught off guard by her retort for a moment, but got a hold of himself immediately after she displayed her stance of conversation. Far better than her not talking due to fear.
He must accept the words head-on and fumble around for a compromise plan that could change the situation.
Subaru: “Release the great number of people, you have eaten. If the『Names』return, then even the honour of the people who’ve already died can be restored. The people who are alive, can even reunite with their families. If you would do that, then I will let you……”
Louis: “ーーOff the hook, you say? If we do that, then onii-san will let us off the hook? Off the hook, you say?”
His words intercepted yet again, Subaru felt daunted.
Viewing that reaction of Subaru’s, Louis said “Hah” and opened her mouth bearing sharp fangs,
Louis: “That can’t be, isn’t it! That isn’t possible!”
Energetically lifting her face, Louis shouted with a blazing glint in her eyes.
Her two eyes glaring at Subaru, they immutably remained soaked in fear, twinkling darkly.
With those dark twinkles in her eyes, Louis forcefully rocked her body back and forth,
Louis: “It isn’t! It really isn’t, it isn’t after all, it indeed isn’t, we’re telling you it isn’t, as it isn’t, as we know it isn’t, that’s why! Onii-san will not let us off the hook! Absolutely certainly! After all”
“ーーーー”
Louis: “Onii-san, destroys his enemies! Absolutely crushes them until the very end of the end! Without any exception! Completely thoroughly! Closes it with a perfect game! He can do that! Then there’s no way he wouldn’t do that! There’s no point in him not doing that!”
As if having heard a first-class joke, Louis ended her silence and let her emotions explode.
And to Subaru, Louis’ outbursting form was visible as terribly distant, minute.
Louis’ facial expression was disordered, trying to laugh, trying to be angered, trying to be doleful, and baffled by the notation of fear not present in any of those, she was perplexed and was imploring.
“ーーーー”
The gateways of all of Louis’ surging emotions, all directly connected to『Fear』.
Regardless of whether they began with delight, rage or sadness. Knowing that all would ultimately lead to『Fear』, for what should she be delighted, be enraged, be saddened.
Even if she were to believe, that conclusion led to『Fear』as well.
Subaru was more than sufficiently aware of the ingrained nature of Louis’ rejection. Cursing the entirety of the world, being flung into a storm of suspicion and distrust, becoming trapped in a sensation of being forbid into the slightest movement.
That was, the hell named oneself which Natsuki Subaru had also experienced.
What pulled Subaru out of that hopeless hell, was surely because there had been someone who held his hand, and that warmth never let go of Subaru.
That was, the silver-haired young girl who had saved Subaru’s life, his heart when he had first arrived in the different world.
That was, the dressed young girl who strived to protect Subaru when he had been betrayed by anything and everything.
That was, the blue-haired young girl who gently made Subaru realise when he sought to abandon everything.
ーーThat was, the reason why Natsuki Subaru had remained without being prisoned in hell.
“ーーーー”
That foundation of heart was not possessed by Louis Arneb, who was drowned in fear before his eyes.
That is why, she did not possess the ability to conquer『Fear』. ーーShe could never think of『Return by Death』other than being a nightmarish curse of being dragged into an inescapable hell.
Though quite a clichéd expression, humans cannot live by themselves. That is why, for her to be saved, she, who was caged in『Fear』, it was necessary for someone to extend their hand to her.
Someone offering their hand, just as Subaru had been offered once.
Howeverーー,
Subaru: “ーーI will, not save you.”
ーーSubaru shall not extend his hand, to Louis Arneb.
Louis: “ーーAh.”
Subaru: “I will, not save you. Neither will I pity you.”
Louis Arneb, the Sin Archbishop of『Gluttony』, the blasphemer of『Souls』standing in the white world.
Not matter how sweet an appearance, no matter how miserable and transient an ambience, no matter how luring an attitude of craving being sheltered by adults were she to possess, Subaru shall not forgive her.
The Sin Archbishops had committed sins difficult to forgive. ーーThat was the conclusion, Natsuki Subaru had derived.
Subaru: “I’m sure no matter what I say, it’ll never prove to be salvation for you in the first place.”
Louis: “Eek.”
Louis’ distended eyes were filled with naught but terror toward Subaru.
In this place though only Subaru could understand the fear she bore, the very reason for her fear was Subaru himself. In other words, her labyrinth couldn’t possibly be opened up.
And upon Subaru’s head-on declaration that we won’t save her, that he detested her, Louis stabbed her claws into the shapeless white world and whilst desperately distancing herself away from Subaruーー,
Louis: “We know…… we know onii-san’s ploy! We had been onii-san after all! That’s why, we know what onii-san is going to do…… however, we won’t let you ~tsu!”
Subaru: “You……”
Louis: “Return what was eaten! Absolutely never! After all, this is our lifeline! If we lose this, then onii-san will be able to kill us! As long as this isn’t returned, onii-san won’t kill us! Its the other way around, the other way around, completely the other way around! In order to not be killed by onii-san, we, cannot return this! That’s why you kno~w!!”
Howling with a loud voice, Louis turned her palm towards Subaru. Its not as if something was being fired from the fair palm held out. However, Louis’ aim materialised in a different form.
Subaru’s field of vision steadily distorted into white, a change was yielded in the『Hall of Memories』. It commenced constricting the world, having detected the presence of a foreign substance and seeking to eliminate it.
As a result, Subaru’s existence was extracted outーー,
Louis: “Enough, we don’t want to be in the same place as onii-san for even a second! Impossible in terms of physiology! Impossible in terms of life! Impossible in terms of destiny you see! That’s why, disappear! The ones who will eat onii-san, will be onii-chan and nii-sama! Either of them can do however they please! No thanks from our side!”
Louis’ decision, infuriatingly enough, was the best possible option for her.
Banishing Subaru from the『Hall of Memories』and sending him back to reality. And entrusting opposing him to her siblings Ley and Roy instead of herself.
If the Sin Archbishops of『Gluttony』could choose to share or not to share a meal, then Louis would be able to part ways from the worst platter named Natsuki Subaru. Whether her siblings would bear the same anguish as herself or not, that itself was something her current self did not know.
Subaru: “ーーGh.”
It was difficult to hold out.
With not a single thing to latch onto, and with even the ground to stand firm on becoming vague, Subaru was hopelessly the weaker side in this『Hall of Memories』.
Subaru: “If you, don’t like me doing it…… then if you settle this, by yourself……”
Louis: “We won’t go along with that ~tsu! Even if you try to make us kill you, it’s futile! You intend to take us to task through『Return by Death』! We won’t let you! Onii-chan and nii-sama, will utterly eat away onii-san! That is, the condition for our victory ~tsu!!”
Unraveling her fangs, Louis scowled at Subaru who tried to hold his ground. He could no longer oppose her will. Comprehending that, he let in a deep inhale.
Afterwards, Subaru’s black eyes directly pierced through Louisーー,
Louis: “ーーEek.”
Subaru: “If your siblings, are your final rope to rely on, then I understand. ーーI will slash that rope and make you pay. You’d better remember this, Louis Arneb.”
With a single finger pointed towards the frightened, cowering Louis, he resumed.
Subaru: “Everything distressful, everything painful, bear all of it by yourself. ーーDon’t run away, from the『Memories』.”
Humiliation and repentance, were all『Memories』necessary to shape the current oneself.
It’s entirety had become food for the human named Natsuki Subaru, and the Natsuki Subaru constructed by its entirety had reached this point after having stockpiled many a『Death』.
If Natsuki Subaru was amazing, then that was because humiliation and repentance let him be so.
Subaru: “With that being said, I don’t really want even a part of that shame.”
That was what Subaru whispered whilst being expelled out from a space to its edge, which wasn’t present in the world, with his field of vision turning white as if nothing had been there.
And, the『Hall of Memories』came untiedーー,
    △▼△▼△▼△
  And, within the『Hall of Memories』wherein the form of the dreadful lunatic had been erased, Louis Arneb took in a deep, deep shivering inhale, and confirmed her own pure life.
Louis: “Ah, ah, a~h……”
Her throat, shivering, her lungs, shivering, her heart, shivering, her soul, shivering.
Even Louis, who had indulged in every possible variety of『Memories』, couldn’t comprehend an existence that repulsive. What was truly frightening about that thing, was it’s inconceivable spirit.
Louis: “Wh, y……”
Whether she could remain as per ordinary, she did not know.
Louis had become a part of that thing, and prior to that had eaten that thing’s『Memories』thoroughly down to its roots. Slowly crunching the『Memories』without exception, she had masticated them.
That deed itself was roundabout, as if peeling off the layers of an onion’s skin one by one, a code of action separating that which yielded new life upon each instance of『Death』into greater than twenty sections.
Before having experienced『Return by Death』, that deed of dividing those『Memories』into several portions then eating them was something that made her heart pound with the notion of it being a new experience, but now all she found was incomprehensible fear.
In the first place, why couldn’t the『Memories』prior to the occurrence of the『Summoning Into the Different World』or whatever be robbed.
Originally, the power of the Authority of『Gluttony』was supposed to eat away all of the『Memories』of the subject until the moment of birth. Yet, what could be robbed from that thing were merely the『Memories』of this one year.
As if Od Lagna did not assess the『Memories』previous to that, abhorred them, or otherwiseーー,
???: “ーーListen listen, um, isn’t this a bit from what was supposed to be?”
Louis: “ーーーー”
Suddenly, a voice echoed in the『Hall of Memories』supposed to have been left alone, and Louis turned around, astonished. However, her doubts were immediately dispelled.
The one who stood before Louis’ line of sight, who had turned back, wasーー,
Louis: “Us……”
‘Louis’: “That’s right, us. Because we got the short end of the stick, its us who had been waiting here in vain. Which one will play the trial version of the greatest life by becoming onii-san, was the play environment properly arranged? Came here to report that, is it?”
Whilst saying so, smiling at Louis was the existence exactly the same herーー『Louis』.
Dividing the Witch Factor originally supposed to be one into two, having segregated the『Soul』despite being the same personage, in the utmost correct sense, another one of herself.
The greatest factor which made that possible must be that Louis did not fear the deterioration of her self, an existence of mere『Soul』devoid of a flesh body.
That『Louis』, who was one more of oneself, did not share that personal experience unlike Louis. That is why, Louis found the genuinely smiling form of『Louis』, to be unordinarily distant.
‘Louis’: “ーー? What happened, us. Making such an expression huh. First of all, what about onii-san? Being here means, got into this place by reading the『Book of the Dead』again, no?”
Louis: “ーーーー”
‘Louis’: “Besides, what’s with this being all crouched since earlier? Why be so curled up? Hey, hey hey, the goal was properly accomplished, right? Though we failed on this end, we were supposed to have fulfilled the role, isn’t it. Amazing amazing, got in pretty cleanly huh. Onii-san geez, didn’t take notice at all. Of the us inside of himself!”
Clasping her hands energetically,『Louis』reminisced the forbidden tryst.
Of course, unneeding of a necessity to mention it, Louis was aware of that affair.
It referred to back when the『Hall of Memories』got connected to when thinking of investigating the way of capturing the atrocious swordsman, Reid Astrea.『Louis』then once again came in contact with that thing, which had forgotten anything and everything, and had the circumstances permitted, intended to eat that thing including Louis, who was a Witch Factor.
Though it was an experiment to see if that thing’s Authority, including the integrated Witch Factor, could possibly be successfully plundered by doing that, it failed due to an unexpected hindrance.
She surely never mused having to taste a counterattack by one of the eaten『Memories』.
However, reflecting on it now, had the hindrance not entered there, then Louis might have become one with that thing by this time.
With that thingーー,
‘Louis’: “Hey hey, what happened, us! Talk about various more stuff, let us hear it! Saw it, right? Heard it, right? Scented it, right? Touched it, right? Tasted it, right? ーーNatsuki Subaru’s Authority eh!”
Louis: “ーーDon’t mention that thing’s name!!”
‘Louis’: “ーー~tsu.”
Resuming her merry words,『Louis』stretched her hand. The moment that arm attempted to touch her own shoulder, Louis shook off the arm in accompaniment of exasperation.
Violently, powerfully, with as much rejection as possible, she did, to the arm of her literal other half.
‘Louis’: “……Huh?”
Naturally, unbeknownst to the meaning behind her other half’s action, bafflement was yielded forth in『Louis’』facial expression.
However, Louis did not possess the leeway to look back onto that expression of『Louis’』. Louis hugged the shoulder『Others』had tried touching, and stepped backwards whilst shaking her head in rejection.
Louis: “No! Nonono! Don’t touch! Don’t come near!”
She was astonished, by her own cognisance.
However, it was her own sensation. It would not turn traitor, like the hell named oneself.
She comprehended.『Louis』before her eyes, who possessed the same face as herself, who had undergone the same experiences as herself.
The existence supposed to understand her『Soul』ーー at present, it was someone other for Louis.
It was unknown, what others will do. They will not protect Louis.
They could become Louis’ cause of death. Baleful enemies who would naught but kill Louis, who did not want to die.
Louis: “Don’t come! Don’t come near don’t come near don’t come near don’t come near ~tsu! Don’t come close! Don’t touch u~s!”
‘Louis’: “ーーーー”
Hugging her own body, she was unable to do anything but react in exactly the same way as when she had confronted that thing.
For Louis, who had continued moulding her self through the『Memories』of others in this space devoid of the freedom to even look at a mirror, the sense of foreignity she felt towards『Louis』, who possessed the same face as herself, was stronger than the unskillful others.
Witnessing Louis repeat denial and rejection like this,『Louis』reciprocatively shifted her gaze along with the hand that had been shaken off. And,
‘Louis’: “Huh? What’s with that.”
Pertaining to Louis’ rejective response,『Louis』clenched her hand that had been shaken off. She then looked down onto Louis with a terribly thirstful voice, biting and clanking her fangs.
‘Louis’: “What’s with that. What’s with that what’s with that, what does this mean. With what purpose, with what idea, with what plan with what thought, hey!?”
Louis: “Ee~k ~tsu.”
‘Louis’: “This is different from what was supposed to be ~tsu! What happened, us!? What’s, with that reaction! Attitude! Response!”
The rejected『Louis』enraged, closing in towards the huddled Louis. Crouching down before Louis, who knelled her throat upon the vigour,『Louis』grasped the hair of her cowering other half.
Subsequently making her raise her face through sheer force, the two with the same faces glared into each other at a distance that their breaths entangled.
‘Louis’: “It sure is strange. Strange, how strange, isn’t it strange, pretty strange, it is strange, as it’s strange, quite strange, as it’s too strange, as we’re saying it’s strange!!”
Louis: “ーーーー”
‘Louis’: “What about the strategy? The plan went well, didn’t it? The plan was to become a Factor and get inside onii-san, and put wickedness to work, wasn’t it? It was a job really well done. Onii-san was frightened, after all! Onii-san completely thought, that『Natsuki Subaru』was the closest person to him!”
Louis made no response to the plan which『Louis』recited and its progress.
The truth was, Louis and『Louis’』 plans had transitioned smoothly. Louis experienced『Return by Death』inside Subaru and stimulated the separation of Subaru and『Natsuki Subaru』by putting wickedness to work.
And whilst staying behind in the『Hall of Memories』,『Louis』shall eat Subaru who had differentiated himself from『Natsuki Subaru』and make the Authority her own belonging. A single step had remained.
And even if that had not went wellーー,
‘Louis’: “ーーNo matter how many times, tens of times, hundreds of times! The arrangement was to challenge until the Authority of『Return by Death』has been looted, isn’t it! What’s wrong after failing a bit! It’ll be fine by stealing onii-san’s『Memories』again and trying again no matter how many times it takes. Let’s mutually exchange roles and challenge, no matter how many times how many times it takes! Failures, can be recovered from!”
The one to assimilate as a Witch Factor, and the one to stand by in the『Hall of Memories』, she had intended to accomplish the complete extortion of the Authority by exchanging roles and regardless how many times it would take, without getting tired of it.
And yetーー,
‘Louis’: “ーーAnd yet, to do something like rejecting us, what happened huh!”
Louis: “NOOOOooooーー ~tsu!”
‘Louis’: “Wo, ah!”
With strength poured into the arm which had grasped her hair, Louis gave rise to a screech in agony and fear. Afterwards she shoved the chest of『Louis』who was before her eyes, making her other half rumble in pain and fall onto her back.
Mutually glaring at each other with eyes of disbelief, a painful silence fell upon the white world. And, whilst Louis remained silent,『Louis』widened her eyes and,
‘Louis’: “It can’t be…… aiming to monopolise the Authority?”
Louis: “ーーーー”
‘Louis’: “Since the Authority of『Return by Death』was obtained successfully, erasing onii-san immediately and aiming to enjoy it by oneselves? Leaving us as is, too.”
Louis: “T-That’s wrong ~tsu!”
Louis bellowed before the frozen『Louis』, who had painted a picture of repulsive misgivings in astonishment, in shock. That was not true at all. It was improbable. She had not thought in the slightest bit, to monopolise this.
Something like this, if it was possible to throw it away then she wished to throw it away. However, she could not do so.
For these were the『Memories』of nobody, but『Louis Arneb』. Oneself’s own『Memories』were impossible to be erased. Impossible to be stolen. Impossible to be taken in and out.
‘Everything distressful, everything painful, bear all of it by yourself. ーーDon’t run away, from the『Memories』.’
Louis: “Eek.”
So she had been told by that thing just previously.
What was experienced by oneself, what path was walked by oneself, could not be erased. Having certainly taken birth within Louis, that was the history of『Louis Arneb』herself.
‘Louis’: “This is no joke ~tsu! Something like this, as if it can be excused……!”
She had wanted to become happy. She had wanted to attain a joyful life that was hers alone.
However, the life solely belonging to her which she had attained in an unexpected form smashed Louis’ ■ーー『Heart』into pieces, and wounded her to an irrecoverable extent.
『Louis』was unable to comprehend, Louis fearing the wounds and abrasion of her heart.
‘Louis’: “As if we’ll let someone like you, monopolise our means to become happy!”
Louis: “That’s wrong! That’s wrong that’s wrong that’s wrong that’s wro~o~o~o~ng! That’s not it! That is not it! That’s definitely not i~t!”
‘Louis’: “As if we can believe that! We never thought, that we’d be betrayed by us. As expected of us, isn’t it, us! That’s right. We get it, we get it. Hm hm, we do get it!”
Louis: “No! Don’t get it at all! Don’t get it at all! Don’t get our feelings at all ~tsu!”
‘Louis’: “No, do get it indeed! After all, it is about us. That’s right. If it’s for the sake of becoming happy then we’d be willing to do anything, and must do anything! Joyfulness, is something which keeps on keeps on declining by the slightest thing!”
『Louis』bounced and joined her hands before her slim chest. And with a magnificent, broad smile, she directed a sidelong glance towards Louis who articulated her rejection in a tearful voice.
‘Louis’: “What if, we carelessly schemed wickedness? If that’s done to us by us, who have attained『Return by Death』, then no matter how much the struggle we can never win, isn’t it! Amazing! Really put thought into it, isn’t it!”
Louis: “Don’t want to die! We don’t want to die! Don’t want to die don’t want to die don’t want to die~e~e~e~!”
‘Louis’: “Don’t say such utterly obvious lies! Don’t want to die? Why? How come? If it’s unneeded then hand it over to us! What a filthy desire to monopolise…… can’t even think that it’s us!”
Louis: “ーーーー”
From『Louis’』words, she was repudiated being the same existence.
At that instant, Louis felt like she heard the note of something inside of her thirsting, cracking, shattering. She did know, what had been present inside of her which shattered.
Though she did not knowーー,
‘Louis’: “ーーNatsuki Subaru belongs to us. This, thieving cat.”
Despite not knowing what that thing was whatsoever, it was condescendingly called as a belonging.
Even though the only one who truly comprehended what thing was, was only herself, how arbitrary a thing to say.
ーーThe only one who truly comprehended that thing, was herself alone.
Louis: “ーーThe only one who understands Natsuki Subaru is us. This, foolish girl.”
That thing was fearsome. That thing was repulsive. That thing, was abhorrent.
That is whyーー,
‘Louis’: “ーーLet us taste it tooーー ~tsu!!”
『Louis』pounced, advancing in order to purloin the『Memories』which made Louis, Louis.
To hand that over, would resort to give the meaning of it being the『Death』of Louis Arneb.
Giving the meaning, of『Death』. ーーGiving the meaning, of the world witnessed by that thing.
Louis: “Ah, a~a~a~a~a~a~hーー ~tsu!!”
Screamed. Screamed. Screaming, screaming, screaming, she screamed.
Continuing to scream, whilst screaming, whilst resuming screaming, whilst continuing to raise a screaming voiceーー,
  “ーーDon’t want to die.”
  An exceedingly fierce, meaningless conflict commenced in the『Hall of Memories』.
A conflict with nobody watching, nobody interested.
Commenced, and ended. ーーA conflict, devoid of victors.
  △▼△▼△▼△
  ???: “ーーIce Brand Arts!!”
The instant those words were fired, she tightly gripped to sensation born within her palm and swung it completely. What had been generated in her hands was a longsword shaped with ice and it’s cutting ability was far greater than that of some incomplete iron sword.
Though she had only just begun practicing the sword, moving her body was her specialty. Swinging the ice sword atop the extended line, she attempted to land a fatal blow upon her opponent whilst sealing off his routes to escape.
Howeverーー,
???: “Hahaha~! You’re doing i~t! But, this is far from too far from being enough to land, gee~z!”
???: “ーー~hk!”
The enemy, with his long hair waving about, evaded her fatal strike by seemingly crawling on the ground.
Glaring with his sharp cuspids unraveled, was the Sin Archbishop of『Gluttony』who named himself as Ley Batenkaitos.
Upon hearing the name of Sin Archbishop, something akin to dislike swelled up within her.
That was because approximately a month ago, clashing with a great number of Sin Archbishops in the Watergate City Priestella had led to a large number of settlements, as well as a large number of settlements being delayed, at any rate, led to mountain worth of grave happenings.
Plentiful emotions of sadness or bitterness had been born forth.
Their elimination or solution had yet not been achieved, that is why everyone was doing their best, and yet.
???: “Why, do you all act like this andーー!”
Ley: “Why? Why indeed? Why we wonder? Why is it why? Why must it be why we wonder? Why is it what we certainly wonde~r? Why must what be why? Why is what why is why is why eh!”
His teasing words possessed no echo of seriousness, her opponent did not intend to give a proper response.
Sensing that, she powerfully stiffened her cheeks. Being able to converse would be the best. However, should the opponent not comply with conversation, then she shall not hesitate any further.
That resolute exchange, certainly occurred with clarity during that moment.
???: “ーーIcicle Line.”
Ley: “Wow.”
Accompanying the chant, a sound of freezing space echoed from her rear. Countless ice stakes with sharp tips were born in the air, signifying they were ready to be fired.
Gazing at that, Ley’s composure, yet, remained unchanged. With no strong feelings for that, she merely commenced the offensive abiding by her frozen fighting spirit.
“ーーーー”
The count of the fired ice stakes was close to, but no greater than, a hundred.
Submerging the aisle seemingly constructed of stone, the dust of the ice which had impacted the floor, the walls, the ceiling fluttered about and the space frozen white brought immense damage upon the one who had been immensely hit.
Howeverーー,
Ley: “Sorry, onee-san. We’re tired of seeing that…… is something we won’t say, but we have seen it. See, because we are genius after a~ll, we don’t think an attack that has already been seen once will hit!”
Swinging the daggers fastened to both of his hands, Ley laughed, having outdone the terrific attack of ice.
She inhaled in astonishment, witnessing his talent and skill, and having withstood and outdone it as a matter of fact, as he stood completely unwounded. However, if he had outdone it once, then twice, thrice, if that still won’t work, then even more.
Ley: “You’re thinking you’ll be able to win if you do it a hundred times? It will not reach through even after you do it a thousand times, you know?”
???: “Then I’ll just do it ten thousand times! I won’t let you go where everyone is!”
Ley: “Ahaha ~tsu, well that sure is a large scale! Good gracious, how outrageou~s!”
Putting his hand on his forehead, Ley let out a sigh divided into disgust and irritation. Whilst viewing that, she quietly abided by her own words.
Though she had pronounced those words whilst simply going with the flow, she must abide by them.
Thus, the moment she attempted to step ahead and fulfill thatーー,
???: “ーーLey Batenkaitos!!”
“ーーーー”
From the rear echoed a voice in the aisle that was neither her’s nor Ley’s, leading her to thoughtlessly halt her feet. Upon looking back after being immediately lured by the voice, a shadow showed itself by the corner of the path and leapt into her field of her vision.
That was a black-haired youth with a somewhat nasty look of eyes. He rushed into the battlefield with a gallant expression, and was looking at Ley and herself, who were sparring in the aisle.
???: “Ah……”
Suddenly, “oh no” was the thought which surfaced in her innermost mind.
Though she must say something, a vacuum was born in her words. This was due to the various emotions which overflowed in face of the rushing youth.
However, before『Bafflement』was yielded in front of the youth, she hurriedly moved her lips,
???: “Its dangerous so wait! Um, you may not, know about me, but he is the enemy! Leave this place to me! Even though you may not, know about me!”
She wished for him to leave this place, and for him to not think of herself much.
At the very least, right now at the present instant, should she begin considering things aside from fighting, she would certainly burst into tears and cry.
She did not wish to show her weak side like this and trouble everyone.
And yetーー,
  ???: “ーーIts alright, Emilia-tan.”
  The youth who had rushed in called her name.
Emotions she could not concern herself with, like anxiety, like sorrow, strummed and sprang within her chest due to simply that, for which she tried her best to make sure they did flow out.
After allーー,
  Subaru: “ーーMy name is Natsuki Subaru. Emilia-tan’s one and only knight!”
  Right now,『Emilia’s』heart was beating with such warmth, such warmth.

            ※ ※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※


Chapter 78
Abiding by his warm emotions, dashing with the entirety of his might, he stepped foot into that place.
Opposite to his heart sending out hot-blooded pulses within the depths of his chest, the outside air had become chilly enough to whiten his exhales, and within this glaciated world, he discovered the back he was looking for.
“ーーーー”
His gaze plunged towards the slim, supple back, and his heart voluntarily came on the verge of bursting.
Though affection lighted his chest, he narrowly managed to suppress his impulse. This was no time for him to let his heart explode and die.
Powerfully gnashing his molars, he looked at the face of the enemy opposing on the other side of the struggling back.
Long hair of a dark brown hue, and a crude outfit as though being wreathed in rags. What was the most impressive, outstanding of all, was the revolting glint in eyes that trampled upon the lives of others, and had turned them into literal food articlesーー,
Subaru: “ーーLey Batenkaitos!!”
Roaring at the absolute top of his voice, he asserted his existence, and attracted the attention of the opponent.
Even gaining his attention for this singular moment alone, was beneficial. Of course, there lay the possibility of his side sustaining equal blows, but it was nothing if it meant reducing the damage being inflicted upon her.
With affection filling his heart as fuel, he could even fly in the sky right now.
???: “If that could increase our chances of winning, even slightly.”
Halting his feet before the frozen floor, he poured strength into his abdomen and glared at Ley. He maintained a watch at his movements with all of strength, and no matter what move should he makeーー,
???: “Ah……”
Such preparedness of Subaru’s was robbed and shattered by the amethyst eyes that suddenly turned backwards.
“ーーーー”
His black eyes and her amethyst eyes intermingled with each other.
The wave of emotions that appeared in her eyes at that instant was enormous, almost washing him away. Her eyes had always, always, gripped his heart and sought to drown it within themselves.
Because he wished to somehow save the entirety of the multiple emotions levitating in her eyes.
Thusーー,
???: “It’s dangerous so wait! Um, you may not, know about me, but he is the enemy! Leave this place to me! Even though you may not, know about me!”
His eyes twinkled upon seeing her call for vigilance whilst swaying her hands in panic.
Delayed by a beat, he gulped down the meaning behind her words. ーーThe『Memories』of being told this very same thing were certainly present within him. At the same time, he comprehended the turn of events.
And, he truly thought. ーーThat he was glad to have been the first one to reach this place.
He knew what he ought to say, how he ought to call out to her.
Furthermore, the thought of how he wanted to call out to her arose.
Subaru: “ーーIt’s alright, Emilia-tan.”
Sorry for causing problems for you, for making you worry, for making you wait.
Wielding those sentiments, though unbefitting for this place, he nodded whilst loosening his lips. And whilst looking at the young girl, whose eyes grasped comprehension by the few words he had said, he resumed.
With a finger of his right hand pointing towards the heavens, he posed with one hand on his waist.
Though there was no need for him to be doing this, doing this enabled him to solidify his resolve. For that purposeーー,
Subaru: “ーーMy name is Natsuki Subaru. Emilia-tan’s one and only knight!”
Emilia: “Subaruーー ~hk!!”
Subaru: “Bah!?”
The instant he declared so with a determined, smiling expression, the silver haired young girlーー Emilia dashed towards Subaru with fearsome velocity.
Colliding, Subaru was thrown backwards but he somehow supported Emilia’s frame. No need for concern, she was light as an angel’s feather. No problem at all.
But if there were to be something labelled a problemーー,
Subaru: “E-Emilia-tan!? This is so sudden I’m freaking surprised, and you’re also super light and smell so nice! Did you change your shampoo!?”
Emilia: “Stupid Subaru! Geez, you’re rea~lly so stupid! I was so, so worried! Yet just like that…… stupid! Stupid stupid!”
Subaru: “Wow you’re really calling me stupid an astounding number of times! Well, I can’t make any excuses……”
Subaru was overwhelmed as Emilia pressed him with widened eyes within his arms. Since he was meanwhile also glued together with Emilia, Subaru’s heart was a total mess and even his vocabulary crumbled.
Putting all this aside, Subaru reluctantly parted, grasped Emilia’s slender shoulders and distanced her body.
Subaru: “I’m sorry for making you worry. But, I’ve returned……. I’ve been revived? Restored? Or should I say, I’ve become the complete Natsuki Subaru, either way, it’s alright, so.”
Emilia: “Ah……”
Subaru: “I’ll leave all of Natsuki Subaru in the past. ーーThis is Natsuki Subaru’s explosive birth.” 
Energetically talking on and on, he forcefully attempted to exert Emilia’s relief. However, in the midst of this plan of Subaru’s, Emilia blinked and lay a single finger on his chest.
A ticklish, gentle sensation. Subaru involuntarily shivered.
Emilia: “Did you, properly become one?”
“ーーーー”
Emilia: “Because, even the Subaru who didn’t have memories, was Subaru. So, even if Subaru remembers everything now, that Subaru, who worked his hardest and put his life on the line even for the short while he was here for, was……”
Subaru: “ーーYeah, hm. It’s alright.”
Whilst touching his chest, Emilia affirmed Subaru’s footsteps with faltering words.
There existed a Natsuki Subaru who, due to the unification of『Memories』, could be interpreted as having become one or even having disappeared, and a time wherein their hearts were touched by him also existed within them.
‘ーーYeah, thus, it was simple.’
Subaru: “The fact that『I』was within myself, and within Emilia-tan, certainly remains even now. So, it really is alright, Emilia-tan.”
Emilia: “……Hm.”
Subaru: “So please expect great things here onward from Perfect Natsuki Subaru. With all the frustration piled up in this time of turmoil as the trigger, let’s & go towards a bright future!”
Emilia: “Sorry, I have no clue what you’re saying.”
Emilia shook her head and responded, as Subaru smiled with a single finger upraised.
This unkind attitude of her’s was also so lovable and something he eagerly looked forward to, Subaru would prefer to spend countless minutes, countless hours, countless days just messing around with Emilia like this, butーー,
???: “ーーAbout time you kno~w, had enough of your moving conversation?”
Saying so, raising his voice and calling out to the timidly touching Subaru and Emilia, was the Sin Archbishop of『Gluttony』with a devious, malicious, vicious smile.
But Subaru raised his eyebrows, in response to the fact that he did not launch an attack in this interval.
Subaru: “Yeah. I didn’t think you’d wait so conscientiously. Did you become contrite?”
Ley: “Become contr”eat” you say, that would be outrageous ~tsu! It’s just that, you know, we are『Gourmet』you see~. From onii-san’s perspective that’d be what you call gourmet? A~s one who knows the delight of meals, wanting to be pro~perly attentive to the setting of the table is what it’s about. If the table is untidy then it’s a kill-joy. Isn’t that right?”
Speaking of table manners difficult to apply practically, Ley laughed with a shrill voice in a strange and frivolous manner. Whilst listening to the ear-hurting voice of his laughter, Subaru gave a deep nod.
And,
Subaru: “I see, makes sense. I completely thought……”
Ley: “Completely thought?”
Subaru: “That you got all afraid, considering how ugly of a shape your little sister was left in.”
Ley: “ーー~tsu.”
The next instant, Ley’s expression completely changed from that of having a smile of leisure.
His smile disappeared in an instant, what appeared instead was scorching rage. Abiding by that intense fury, Ley’s body kicked the frozen aisle and plunged ahead in the blink of an eye.
Ley: “What would ‘you’, know about our Louisーー ~tsu!!”
Subaru: “I know nothing. I just arbitrarily had my body be entered by her. I have no idea what she was thinking, nor do I want to know.”
Seemingly truly possessing sentiments and love for his younger sister, enraged Ley’s dagger inched closer towards Subaru. However, Subaru did not fear the approaching footsteps of『Death』.
Controlled by violent emotion, if Ley was not viewing anything but Subaru then that was precisely what he was aiming forーー,
Emilia: “ーーI’m also here, don’t, forget!”
Ley: “Gah, bgh ~tsu.”
Accompanied by a brave voice, Emilia’s beautiful, long legs drew an arc. Energetically rotating it to a large degree, she intercepted Ley’s face as he plunged straight ahead.
The instant of the direct hit, Emilia’s ice battle technique『Ice Brand Arts』activated and reinforced her toes, which were striking the enemy, with boots of ice as bonus.
Emilia: “U, riya~a~a~a~!”
Pouring strength into her fair leg, Emilia completely swung the leg which had struck the enemy’s frontal teeth. Despite somehow defending against direct damage, Ley’s petite stature was unable to withstand that force and was pushed away, as he slid on the frozen floor and landed towards the interior of the aisle.
Emilia subsequently pointed her palm towards that direction, and the generated stumps of ice mercilessly pursued Louis’ elder brother, having collapsed, icicle dust then engulfed the aisle, seemingly succeeding in inflicting enormous damage onto『Gluttony』.
Subaru: “That did it! This was a mixed attack of my instigation and Emilia-tan’s adorable intent to kill!”
Emilia: “Is that supposed to be a compliment?”
Subaru: “It is a compliment indeed! The best! So cute! I wanna marry you!”
Emilia: “Marr…… geez, no messing around.”
With her cheeks slightly red, Emilia’s reaction as she fixedly looked towards him was unexpected. He thought her refute would be more powerful, so the embarrassment rebounded onto Subaru as well.
Subaru: “No no, I’m acting way too merry since having met with Emilia-tan. All messing about comes after the problems have been solved.”
Emilia: “Subaru! I don’t know when another attack will come! So don’t let your guard down!”
Subaru: “I know! Though I’d openly welcome it if this makes for his defeat……”
Straightening out their minds at once, Subaru and Emilia turned towards breaking the deadlock of the situationーー Emilia concentrated on Ley Batenkaitos before her eyes, whilst Subaru concentrated on the problems encircling the Pleiades Watchtower.
The five obstaclesーー even after Natsuki Subaru’s identity problem had been solved, they still remained and exposed this watchtower and all of Subaru’s comrades within it to hazard.
But some conditions had changed. For example, the menace of the shadow that descended as though symbolising a time limit, swallowing the entire tower and bringing ruin to everything.
If that wasーー,
Subaru: “If that is, the penalty as the way I’ve imagined it till now……”
The event of the shadow swallowing everything, was the reappearance of the catastrophe he had formerly encountered in the『Sanctuary』as well.
The story behind why that happened was because he had spoken to Echidna within the『Graveyard』and had unburdened himself by telling her everything about『Return by Death』. If the happenings occurring in this tower were also of the same kind, then that shadow resetted everything in cases when『Return by Death』had been largely leaked outside.
In other words, it was surely because Louis Arneb had been within Subaru.
Now that Louis Arneb had been eliminated, and her existence had disappeared from Subaru’s interior, there was around a 50% chance that shadow would swallow the Pleiades Watchtower.
Hence he did not possess the option to rely on that and let the circumstances proceed slowly.
Subaru: “Emilia-tan! I have a plan!”
Emilia: “ーー! Got it! Then, let’s follow it!”
Subaru: “I haven’t said anything yet though!?”
Subaru arranged the options in his mind and accordingly called out to her, and the next instant came Emilia’s ready consent flying towards him without him having said a single word of explanation.
Subaru was surprised, as Emilia said “It’s fine!” in response,
Emilia: “Subaru’s plan must be one he came up with after thinking with all his might! I can trust it far more than having to think about a lot of things and coming up with an answer here!”
Subaru: “ーーAh, damn it! Makes me so happy you’d say that!”
Scratching his head, Subaru powerfully stomped the floor as though in response to the faith that made him feel uneasy. Afterwards, Subaru pointed towards the interior of the aisle, the space filled with icicle dust,
Subaru: “For now, Emilia-tan, another shot at him!”
Emilia: “Aye!”
With an explosive, dynamic sound, Emilia dropped the floe of ice onto the interior of the aisle.
It would be great if this merciless strike made for the finishing blow for Ley, but that would be a dim prospect. In reality, Emilia spilled out a note saying “Ah!” as she widened her eyes upon the impact,
Emilia: “Subaru! The Sin Archbishop from earlier……”
Subaru: “Tch, he’s a tenacious bastard. But there should be no way he took absolutely no damage.”
When Emilia turned backward, Subaru understood from her expression that Ley had erased his form from the course of impact.
He had gotten fed up of that tenaciousness, on the same level as that of a cockroach, but his characteristic of judging the situation to be unfavorable and ejecting accordingly was different from Petelgeuse of aggravated diligence and tactless frankness, or Regulus who did not possess the word “Humility” in his dictionary. ーーAmongst the Sin Archbishops, Ley Batenkaitos had the greatest survival instinct.
However, it was inconceivable that he would withdraw from the tower.
Subaru: “Emilia-tan! For now, we meet up with everyone else! We need to re-allot the deployments of our personnel! Everyone needs to do their best or this situation won’t be broken through!”
Emilia: “Right! But, is it okay if we let him escape like that?”
Subaru: “I’ll be honest, I would’ve preferred if the one from earlier would’ve finished him off but……”
Having retreated once, Ley would surely make the best use of this time to catch up on his breath as well. In that case, it would be difficult to calculate the necessary time and certainty for striking Ley.
Then they might as well prioritise planned movement in this situation, and take custody of his life.
Subaru: “No need to worry, he won’t leave the tower or anything. As he’s stimulated a lot because of Louis…… because of his little sister. The misunderstanding siscon bastard won’t back down.”
Emilia: “Sisskon……?”
Subaru: “It means one who is affectionate to their younger sister. Though in their case, it’d be being affectionate to the little sister in a negative sense.”
At the very least, it did not seem as though Louis deeply loved Ley or Roy, her true elder brothers, very much on her end. To devote themselves for the sake of Louis without even knowing that, they were either pitiable victims or just role-playing maniacs intoxicated with that duty.
However, ironically, only the unbending distorted ways of the Sin Archbishops could be relied on.
Subaru: “Someone who can adapt to circumstances and flexibly change methods to deal with something, wouldn’t become something like a Sin Archbishop in the first place.”
That was Subaru’s Sin Archbishop evaluation, having unwillingly repeatedly come in contact with the Sin Archbishops.
Hence, it was not easy to track down the dirtily living Ley Batenkaitos. Meanwhile, situations Subaru could not interfere with continued to head towards ruin.
Before that happenedーー,
Subaru: “Emilia-tan! We go where everyone is!”
Emilia: “Mhm, got it! But, I don’t know where everyone is……”
Subaru: “ーーIt is my duty, to SubaNavi ’em.”
Natsuki Subaru Navigation System.
ーーSubaNavi for short, referring to『Cor Leonis』, he activated.
“ーーーー”
Queer, deep emotions came to his mind upon the activation of the Authority wherein coexisted familiar and unfamiliar sensations.
Concentrating the whereabouts of his beating heart, he magnified everything within the close range of his radar with his beating heart at the centre. That was close to sonar, which grasped the surroundings based on the reverberation of sounds.
But, what he could feel was his comrades’ warmth and fleeting lights, thus it was a restrictive sensation.
ーーHowever, that which specialised solely in feeling the existence of his comrades, rather than being an omnipotent might, was presently the Authority of the most worth for Subaru.
Figuring the location of those fleeting lights, Subaru lifted his face.
Just as he had first hurriedly met up with Emilia, next, they shall prioritise meeting up with the members she had earlier enabled to run away.
In other wordsーー,
Subaru: “ーーFirst, we retrieve my cute partner!”
  △▼△▼△▼△
  ーーThrough the sensations being conveyed from『Cor Leonis』, Subaru grasped large sections of the happenings occuring in Pleiades Watchtower.
What he understood through the effect of the Authority was, at maximum, the individual respective conditions of his comrades and a vague sense of distance with Subaru at the centre. His comrades’ fields of vision could be shared, but he could not grasp their state with clarity.
But still, should they sustain an injury he could substitute for the injury, and should they be burdened with recoil, he could take over the recoil. That was the effect of Subaru’s Authority of『Greed』, and various usages could be mused for it
Emilia: “Subaru, are you okay? You look pale……”
Subaru: “Mhm, yeah, I’m good I’m good. Well, I’m acting strong a bit, but I’m still alright. I can still work hard at this level.”
As they dashed through the aisle side by side, Emilia worried for Subaru whilst he let out a heavy sigh. Her voice, like a silver bell, and her amethyst eyes tickled his heart, and Subaru revealed his honest thoughts.
It was agonising. But he could still endure it. Those were his true thoughts.
“ーーーー”
As pointed out by Emilia, Subaru’s paleness was also of course due to the chaos that had unfolded with Louis in order to recover the『Memories』. Mental abrasion is quite difficult to heal, and it is not an easy task to make a worn down heart stand up again.
But, what was presently making Subaru suffer was a much more simple, clear cause. ーーRam’s inferior physical form, because he had been preliminarily taking up the anguish she had always been experiencing on a normal basis.
Subaru: “Taking up her wounds without permission, Ram is sure not going to be happy……”
It would never sit well with Ram, who actually possessed a strong sense of responsibility, to let others substitute for her own recoil. Should he propose to her saying “I want to shoulder your pain together with you” at her face, she would simply laugh it off with a snort, and in the end stuff steamed potatoes in his nose.
So, he shall arbitrarily shoulder Ram’s inferior physical form. He shan’t let her refuse.
That is whyーー,
Emilia: “Subaru!”
By the shattered angle of the aisle, as she saw clearly ahead Emilia called Subaru. The meaning behind her call was known by Subaru, whose『Lion’s Heart』was beating.
The comrades that had escaped from the battlefield and taken distance, whilst Emilia preoccupied Ley.
The jet black Ground Dragon, and the blue-haired young girl on its back. Holding its reins was her elder sister possessing an identical face like two peas in a pod, and standing beside her was a little girl in a dressーー,
Subaru: “Beako!!”
Emilia: “Beatrice!”
Beatrice: “ーー~hk, S-Subaru and a god-knows-who girl are here, in fact!?”
Beatrice turned behind to look at Subaru and Emilia, who were energetically dashing towards them.
Paying no heed to her astonishment, Subaru and Emilia reached her at almost the same time.
At the same pace, he hugged and picked up the young girl as she shouted “Wakya~”,
Subaru: “Oh, Beako! Beako, you’re so light! You’re so cute! You’ve got such an intelligent look!”
Beatrice: “Wa, wa, wa, wa……”
Emilia: “Look, Beatrice! Subaru remembered everything! Ah, wait, you still don’t know who I am, isn’t that right…… but, Subaru remembered! That rea~lly made me so happy……”
Beatrice: “W-Wait, I suppose! Wait, in fact! It’s like both a known occasion and an unknown occasion have arrived, so Betty’s mind is all topsy-turvy, I suppose!”
Whilst being swung around, Beatrice was mutually knocked down by Subaru and Emilia’s words, as she darted her eyes about in confusion. However, she immediately pointed her palm forward, making Emilia shut up, and,
Beatrice: “……Subaru.”
Subaru: “Yeah.”
Beatrice: “Do you, truly, remember everything, in fact? About Betty, about the time you’ve spent with Betty as well, everything?”
Subaru: “Yeah, that’s right. Don’t make such an anxious expression. I remember everything, and if anything can just make up a lot of the stuff too. The historia of everything that happened and didn’t happen between you and me.”
Beatrice: “No need to make up what didn’t happen, I suppose! Agh geez!”
Raised up in his arms, Beatrice sandwiched Subaru’s face between her hands. Looking at the silent Subaru from an inch’s worth of distance, Beatrice let out a deep sigh.
Her eyes, with a peculiar pattern on them, subsequently quivered,
Beatrice: “Truly, all Subaru does is swing Betty around, in fact.”
Subaru: “The contract’s condition was that I’d be a contractor who’d never let you get bored, after all. And, you said that I’m no superman……”
Beatrice: “ーー?”
Subaru: “Looking at it objectively, I’m pretty superman-ly, am I not?”
Closing an eye, Subaru winked and smiled at Beatrice. For an instant Beatrice widened her eyes at his response, but then immediately pouted.
Beatrice: “Don’t get carried away, I suppose!”
Subaru: “Let me get carried away. I’m the type who gets things done when I get carried away. Along with that……”
“ーーーー”
Glancing sideways, he noticed Ram standing there with a dazed expression. She narrowed her light crimson eyes and looked at Subaru with a piercingーー no, stabbing gaze.
Subaru: “Ah, nee-sama?”
Ram: “That was quite the fast snowmelt, isn’t it. Ultimately, a pointless fuss befitting of Barusu.”
Subaru: “……Well, in essence, I guess it did last only for a day.”
Subaru couldn’t do anything but smile wryly, upon it all being labelled as a pointless fuss.
In reality, close to twenty deaths that Subaru had experienced, upon thinking of the mental recoil he had undertaken for the purpose of accepting them all as his own, it would be impossible to think that all of the happenings had been a matter of a single day.
From Subaru’s perspective, it felt as if the amnesia had lasted for several years.
Subaru: “But, I’ve come to terms with everything and made it back. The man who gives 150% of his strength for everyone, Natsuki Subaru, pleased to be in your company.”
Ram: “Hah! How nice. Kindly say whatever you would like. However, Ram’s exceedingly benevolent self shall overlook it……”
Subaru: “Overlook it? ……Bangladesh!?”
Beatrice: “Kya~, in fact!”?
Ram spoke deeply meaningful words and subsequently paused, and just as he tilted his head upon her words he was blown away by a tail whip that targeted his blind spot coming from the Ground Dragon, together with Beatrice.
As Subaru and Beatrice twirled around, they were caught by a soft sensation. Upon looking, it had been Emilia who halted their spinning. She softly supported Subaru’s body from his back’s side and smiled,
Emilia: “It looks like Patrasche-chan is also rea~lly happy that Subaru came back.”
“ーーーー”
Ahead of Emilia’s line of sight stood a jet black majestic figure, exhaling from its nose.
Having gotten a taste of one of its powerful tail strikes, Subaru readjusted Beatrice, whom he was carrying in his arms and,
Subaru: “You’ve always been such a tsundere…… no, my bad. I made you worry a lot too. In the first place……”
“ーーーー”
Receiving Emilia’s support, Subaru fixed his stance and faced Patrasche, who was looking at him with a sharp glint in its eyes. And, thinking back to the unchanging devotion of the affectionate dragon during the time he was devoid of『Memories』,
Subaru: “Really, you save me so many times. I love you.”
“ーーーー”
Subaru: “……So you’re not going to slap me away like usual, right?”
Every time he made a flimsy confession of love to her, it was standard that Patrasche’s lady-like self would discipline him, but that wasn’t the case with this time’s confession of his. Otherwise,
Beatrice: “Even this Ground Dragon can tell when you’re joking and when you’re being serious, is what it means, I suppose.”
Subaru: “……Yeah.”
Nobody knew when she had gotten so close to it, but Beatrice spoke for Patrasche’s true heart. The fact that she didn’t get struck by another tail whip meant that her interpretation was correct.
Now if Beatrice were to also learn the ability of deciphering and translating, then Otto could finally be dismissed of his duty.
Subaru: “ーーRem.”
On Patrasche’s back was Rem, her body leaning on the saddle.
Of course, it shan’t be possible to hear her eternally asleep self’s voice of delight upon the return of Subaru’s『Memories』. However, the emotion that arose within Subaru’s heart upon looking at Rem’s side profile was different.
“ーーーー”
What if, in that white world, persuaded by Louis Arneb’s cajolery, the instant he was truly going to fall into『Gluttony’s』poison fangs, had there not been the voice which kicked the hopeless weakling up.
The existence known as her, truly, shan’t let Natsuki Subaru loose, even should he forget himself.
That is why, once again, after overcoming a totality of 40『Deaths』, he ended up coming back.
Subaru: “I’ll save getting lost in thoughts for later. Anyway, my memories are back. I appreciate all of you wanting to celebrate it, but let’s clean up the situation at once.”
Ram: “Celebrate you say, truly, what an overestimation of oneself. Wonder what happened in this short duration…… besides.”
Emilia: “ーー. Ah, me?”
Snorting her nose upon Subaru’s lowered tone, Ram then turned her gaze towards Emilia. Levitating in her eyes was usual arrogance, and an equal sense of unease.
It was clear from Beatrice’s reaction, but indeedーー,
Emilia: “I’m Emilia. You don’t remember, I guess, yeah……”
Ram: “……The person who let Ram and others escape earlier, that is known. But, that is all, nothing further can be remembered. How do things stand for you, Beatrice-sama……”
Beatrice: “Same for, Betty, in fact…… the effect of the Authority of『Gluttony』, is what it is, I suppose.”
At Ram’s assent, Beatrice identically lowered her face.
What had occurred to Julius’s person in Priestella, had descended onto Emilia’s person within this tower as well. With this forming an omnipresent excruciating woundーー,
Emilia: “Right! I am Emilia, just Emilia. There’s lots of stuff I want to say, but I am family who is looking in the same direction as both Beatrice and Ram!”
“ーーーー”
Emilia: “If you can just understand that much, then for now, I will be fine. Ever since I got to know that Subaru remembered, I’m feeling rea~lly good.”
Emilia flexed the biceps of her fair arms, and stout-heartedlyーー no, she was not merely acting strong, but truly seeming to fear nothing, smiled. Not only Subaru but Beatrice also came at a loss for words upon her exceedingly confident conduct. Unusually enough, even Ram widened her eyes, unable to suppress her astonishment.
Emilia: “Huh? Did I say something weird?”
Subaru: “……Well, rather than weird, it was super-duper cool.”
Scratching his cheeks, Subaru answered upon Emilia’s slightly flustered reaction. Subsequent to Subaru’s response, Ram said “Indeed” and took a deep inhale.
She steadily affirmed Emilia’s conduct and,
Ram: “Emilia, was it. Enigmatically enough, upon looking at you Ram feels the nooks of her mind be awfully uneasy…… The same happened, on Rem’s instance.”
Emilia: “That’s……”
Ram: “Everything about you disappearing from the mind and being replaced by a void is difficult, is what it surely means. Though it is difficult to consider that Ram had someone like that other than Rem.”
Narrowing her eyes, Ram touched her head with a finger as though tracing Emilia’s disappeared existence within herself. Her words made Subaru remember something out-of-place.
Though Ram may say so, it was unmistakable for Subaru, who had been witness to the two’s relationship from the sidelines, that she cherished Emilia. Although with the vanishing of those spans of time, it was only natural that it would not come to Ram’s mind.
Howeverーー,
Ram: “The throbbing and aching of the mind Ram feels upon looking at you, is the answer for the relationship between you and Ram. So, rest assured. ーーRam, dislikes remaining defeated.”
Emilia: “ーー. The same, goes for me. We’re going to strike back, absolutely, no matter what.”
Ram: “Indeed, let the payback be a hundred million times greater.”
Emilia: “That many times!?”
Subaru felt Emilia and Ram to be reliable, as the two exchanged fearless smiles.
After all, originally, once the『Name』was plundered, the victim drowned in isolation as all relationships around them collapsed. However, Emilia did not give in against isolation and managed to retain the core of her heart. Thanks to that, the collapse supposed to commence from her, could not destroy the foundation of Subaru as well as that of Ram and the others.
On top of thatーー,
Ram: “Barusu, kindly give suggestions. However, do not think that just because your forgetful self managed to remember again, all of the missteps so far can be salvaged.”
Subaru: “I know without you having to point it out, but how many things do you plan to point out!”
But, he was grateful that they were willing to be cooperative without having to be convinced.
Anyhow, the dilemmas laid within this tower of the sand sea were far too impending for accumulating trust, explaining the situation, and confronting each one of the problems whilst tying bonds.
Henceーー,
Subaru: “Let’s obliterate this overeating festival those utmost worst three siblings started with the power of our bonds.”
Emilia: “Yes!”
Beatrice: “Naturally, in fact.”
Ram: “Hah!”
The three parties gave their three respective answers directed towards three of Subaru’s greatest enemies, as he gave a deep nod to all of their words.
And,
  Subaru: “ーーIt’s still all over the place, but it feels like I’ve come back home!”
Saying so, he vocalised first and foremost a quiet, yet a valuable and definite deep emotion.


Chapter 79
Subaru: […Are you ready? The tower’s in pretty bad shape right now. If I were to go out and say how bad it is, it’s nearly as bad as playing Othello with all four of its corners taken away from you.]
Ram: [That… must be pretty bad.]
Ram’s expression clouded over as Subaru launched into his explanation, holding one of his fingers up in the air. Quite the solemn look had appeared on the latter’s face. Albeit, Ram wasn’t the only one who was taking this seriously. Emilia and Beatrice, who were listening in as well, were like that too.
Othello ― more commonly referred to by the name Reversi ― was a board game in which two players competed on an 8×8 = 64 board using black and white pieces.
Naturally this was knowledge Subaru had brought with him from his original world. But since it had been relatively easy to recreate the game here, he’d introduced it to the Roswaal mansion fairly early on. It brought a huge stir, with it being extremely well received, especially from Emilia. 
That’s why he was able to properly convey the gravity of the current situation to them. Having all four of your corners taken away from you in Othello meant that you were already completely lost.
Furthermore, though she hadn’t partaken in it much, Ram had literally been as strong as an Oni in the few occasions she’d played, as one would expect from her.
In any case…
Beatrice: [Losing all four corners, an utterly outrageous situation, I suppose… That’s going too far, even as a handicap, in fact.]
Emilia: [I guess even I’d end up becoming as busy as a bee and winning if I got ahold of so many of them…]
Subaru: [Who even says “busy as a bee” these days…]
Emilia: […! Subaru, can you say that again?]
Subaru: [I will, but later. Later.]
Emilia snapped onto Subaru’s traditional retort, looking somewhat dejected at having her request denied. Although he felt a bit guilty seeing her like that, the flirting would have to wait until later, just like he’d said many times.
Their first priority was to find a way out of the situation they were in. And for that…
Subaru: [The four corners… They’re the two “Gluttonies” inside the tower, as well as the swarm of Witchbeasts they’ve called with them. Also, it pains me to say this, but our companion… Oh yeah, I guess it’s sorta debatable if I can call them that…]
Everyone: […?]
Subaru had been about to mention the fourth corner, but for a split second he’d faltered on what to say next.
Namely because not even he had come up with an answer that would both be simple to understand and properly describe the woman who unintentionally stood in their way as the fourth corner.
He wasn’t so distant with her to call her an acquaintance. That, and their connection wasn’t weak enough to be called bitter enemies either. But, did they share enough of a destiny such that he could call her a companion? At the very least, he could perhaps leave it at them having sort of like a clueless, but very much unsanctioned teacher and student relationship.
Still, how did Emilia and the rest of them view her?
But, as Subaru fell prey to his hesitation…
Emilia: [You said companion right? What’s happened to Shaula?]
Subaru: […]
Emilia: […? Subaru?]
Subaru: [No, it’s nothing. That’s right, I do mean Shaula.]
Subaru immediately acted like nothing was up and nodded back at Emilia. It hadn’t been just her; Beatrice and Ram also hadn’t seen anything wrong with how Emilia had recognised her.
The way they’d perceived her had been the same as Emilia, regardless of whether they had memories of the latter or not. In other words, it served as proof that they viewed Shaula as someone friendly to them.
Subaru: [Was I being an idiot…? Yeah, of course I was.] 
Stumbling over the obvious was a bad habit of Natsuki Subaru. Yet, he would reflect hard on things, leveraging them so that he could give it his all; and this, was one of his strengths.
A compliment, for each time he put himself down. Ideally he would give himself a hundred for each time he did.
That much would do. Though the true ideal would be giving himself ten thousand compliments without putting himself down even once. 
Subaru: [Anyways, about Shaula… Well before that, do you remember the tower rules? The ones that mustn’t be broken. They were explained before, right?]
Ram: [Yes, they were. We can’t leave without completing the Trials, we can’t break the rules of the Trials, we can’t disrespect the libraries, we can’t damage the tower… I think those were all the violations.]
Subaru: [Yeah, precisely.]
Subaru snapped his fingers at Ram after she’d readily laid them out. Then he pointed down at his feet and swung his arm around, indicating the entire tower.
Subaru: [So, with those rules… The fourth corner shows up when one of them is broken. I don’t know which one specifically, but one of them will. Then, after that…]
Ram: [She’ll bare her fangs at us, just like she said. ――How annoying.]
Ram, assuming her typical pose with her arms crossed together, batted one of her eyes shut as she imagined the worst.
Shaula’s insane combat prowess was well known to Subaru of course, considering he’d gone through many loops where she’d killed him. But other than him, the rest of them were also well aware of it after they’d been showered by sniper-fire from afar, back in the sand sea.
Beatrice: [That vapid girl is quite strong when she uses those things of hers, I suppose. Even if we’re better off than before, where we couldn’t do a thing due to being attacked from afar, it’s not going to change the fact that things are going to get grim if she turns into our enemy, in fact.]
With their arms folded, both Beatrice and Ram frowned, their brows wrinkling up.
The fact that they were so quick on the uptake was a huge help, since he could cut down the time he spent explaining. From all those sullen faces, it was only Emilia that raised her hand. Her face, which was the cutest in the whole-wide world, was still free of wrinkles,
Emilia: [But we’d be going up against Shaula, no? Can’t we somehow persuade her by talking to her? Shaula’s suuuuper attached to Subaru, so if he tried his hardest, maybe…]
Subaru: [I’d love a peaceful resolution to this, but getting Shaula to the negotiating table seems like a tall order. In regards to her being attached to me…, I guess nothing about that’s changed, in a broad sense.]
Ram: [Meaning she’s going to be primarily targeting you, Barusu. The fact that she’s got her targets narrowed down is going to be extremely useful.]
It could be perceived as her targeting the weaker members in their camp, but regardless, Subaru agreed with Ram’s thoughts.
Rather than facing a situation where they wouldn’t know who’d be targeted by the enemies indiscriminately lurking in the tower, it would be easier to come up with a plan of counterattack that involved having Subaru recklessly targeted.
So, putting the issues they were facing in a nutshell…
Beatrice: […The four corners are: the two Gluttonies, their swarm of Witchbeasts, as well as Shaula, who’ll come to attack us, I suppose.]
Subaru: [Though two of these corners are already being dealt with. All thanks to Beako taking command.]
During the time Subaru had spent cowering in the “Taygeta” Library, the smart and adorable Beatrice had taken everyone with her in turn, and got them busy dealing with the damage that had struck the tower.
She’d sent Meili to the balcony, where she could overlook the swarm of Witchbeasts. Then, as part of that, she’d also joined up with Ram and Emilia after they’d taken Rem out of the Green Room―― Unfortunately though, they’d encountered Ley en-route, which had led to them falling into this situation where Emilia’s name had been taken away from her.
Emilia: [Mhmnh, it’s okay. Subaru still remembers me, so I’m completely fine with it. Even though he often ends up forgetting about our promises, it still makes me reaaaaally happy that he remembers me properly.]
Subaru: [Nnh, what’s with stabbing me in the back all of a sudden?]
Beatrice: [It looks to me like it’s just her usual, in fact. That girl seems to know you well too, I suppose. Though not as well as I do.]
Subaru: [No need to fight over me my sweethearts.]
Subaru gave a few nods as he stroked Beatrice’s head, basking in their affection for him. Then, while still steeped in emotion, Ram called out to him with a “Barusu”,
Ram: [You said that two of the corners are being dealt with, right? I know that one of them is Meili holding back the swarm of Witchbeasts, but what about the other one?]
Subaru: […Julius.]
Subaru grabbed his chest in reply to Ram and turned his attention to the beating of his heart.
His “Cor Leonis” power was still going strong. He was naturally taking Ram’s burdens from her. Also, the whereabouts of his companions were being broadcasted to him in real-time.
From those, there was a light that definitely seemed to correspond to Julius. And the place he was at was…
Subaru: […He’s on the second floor, locked in battle with the enemy.]
Emilia: [The second floor… you can’t mean that…]
Subaru: [Yeah, I do.]
He nodded back at Emilia as she quickly turned pale, before sneaking a furtive glance up above.
He couldn’t see it firsthand, since the ceiling was in the way, but he could most definitely feel the signs of the furious fight that was taking place beyond his gaze. 
――Julius Euculius and Reid Astrea’s rematch had begun.
Subaru: […]
In the end, it looked like he hadn’t been able to avoid a conclusion to it.
After Subaru had fallen to his knees earlier, unable to pick himself back up, Beatrice had taken charge of their companions. The opponent Julius had ended up waging battle with had been Reid Astrea, even under Beatrice’s command.
That naturally had been influenced by the fact Roy Alphard ― Or rather, Reid, who’d taken over the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony’s body and gained his freedom, actively sought its conclusion.
Nevertheless, Subaru had gone through many “deaths” and crossed through many possibilities whether he’d wanted to or not. And that had made him understand something. 
――As annoying as it was, fate existed.
No matter what road you followed, the firm, unchangeable reality that lay there was called fate.
The fluctuations of history were so unyielding, to the point it really made you believe things were predetermined. It was almost like the results had already been determined by fate, with all the branches converging there.
That had been the outcome of all of their wills coming together to try and achieve their respective goals. However, precisely because of that, they’d become so closely entwined with each other, that they’d never come apart.
Yet, couldn’t it also be said that meant there was no hope ahead?
Considering that the conclusion between Julius Euculius and Reid Astrea was inevitable, it could only mean that…
Subaru: [Reid should have assimilated with one of the Gluttonies, his take-over should be almost done. Though we’ll let Julius settle things with Reid. We’re going to deal with the remaining three.]
Ram: [Is that really going to be okay, Barusu?]
Subaru: […? What do you mean?]
Subaru cocked his head earnestly in response to Ram’s question. But on seeing him react like that she just muttered out a brief: “Nevermind,”
Ram: [I already know how Barusu goes about things. Looks like I’m losing my edge as well. I suppose we have no choice but to rely on Barusu’s proposal.]
Subaru: [I don’t really fully get what you mean, but you do know I can tell you’re making fun of me?] 
Emilia: [Huh? No, no, she’s just complimenting you. Ram’s saying that she relies on you a loooot, Subaru. Hehe, now I’m gonna need to work hard.]
Ram: […I will be having a word with you later, Emilia.]
Emilia replied back to the mortified Ram with a “Yessir”, a slightly happy trill in her voice.
Despite the situation they were in, Emilia was most likely glad, and found it refreshing that Ram wasn’t using honorifics to address her. Now that their master-servant connection was gone, the attitude she was showing Emilia was one of perhaps friends, or maybe a little sister that was always quite a handful.  
Ram didn’t have the opportunity anymore to play the part of the capable big sister now that her actual little sister didn’t require much to handle. Nevertheless, she seemed that way now thanks to the bizarrely happy-go-lucky Emilia. 
Subaru: [Anyways, that’s it for what’s going on in the tower. What we need to do next is sort out the best people for each place. This sorting business is where Natsuki Subaru really shines!]
Ram: [You sure are really humble…]
Subaru: [Humble or not, it’s still important work! This is what they mean when they talk about unsung heroes! This is something only I… That’s right, this is something only I can do! This is my battle… Owowowow!!]
Ram: [Just hurry up and start sorting.]
Ram slapped his face for spending too long on the preambles. Feeling the pain of the damage he’d received, Subaru looked around at all three of their faces―― as well as the earth dragon’s, and said: “Are you all ready?”
From here on out, it would be all out war, in its truest sense. It barely made any difference whether you were a human or earth dragon; and in the first place, Patrasche was typically far more useful than Subaru himself. 
But if you added Super-Subaru into the mix, their possibilities would explode ten-fold, and then double.
Subaru: [One for all, all for one. All for one, one for all. We can’t win without having everyone on board. We can’t have even one of us missing. We will start winning if we’ve got everyone, because we…]
Emilia: […Because we came to this tower to get back what was taken from us, we won’t allow ourselves to lose them.]
Subaru: [Exactly.]
Subaru gave Emilia a nod with a snap of his fingers before regaining his composure.
Subaru: [So, first things first, Ley Batenkaitos’ opponent shall be…]
△▼△▼△▼△
???: […Barusu.]
Subaru: [Huh?]
They began to head to their posts after they’d finished their discussion. However, someone grabbed him by the scruff of his neck and forced him to a halt before he could. Though, there hadn’t been enough force in it to throttle him.
There’d probably been a reason why they’d shown such consideration. 
Subaru: [It’s really not like you to care enough to not hurt me, nee-sama.]
Ram: [It’s not like I would bother using too much of my strength when looking at a fly trapped in the palm of my hand. This is the same as that… Though, it’s not like I would purposely put one there. That’d be disgusting.]
Subaru: [Don’t just say it and then deny it!]
Subaru shrugged his shoulders at Ram’s Ram-like phrasing. Standing in front of him, Ram softly clenched and unclenched the palm of her hand, checking its feel a few times.
Her gestures carried faint traces of bewilderment in them. This was quite the rare sight for Subaru, so used was he in seeing Ram always acting aloof.  
It was quite a perk to witness her acting so perplexed and unsure of herself. It was only thanks to this that he could put up with the levels of exhaustion that were threatening to crush his entire body.
Subaru: […]
Ram’s body was constantly tormented by the burden of being “Hornless”. Subaru took over this burden when he used his Cor Leonis, which in turn gave her the extra strength that let her operate to her fullest. Cor Leonis was one of their most essential tricks for beating this tower.
Subaru had already given Ram a brief summary of what was happening to her, albeit setting aside the fine details. 
Simply put, Ram’s burdens were flowing into him, making Ram’s body a lot lighter in those respects. However, since it strained him terribly, he desired a speedy settlement to the situation they were in. That was it, more or less.
Ram: [Now that I think about it, since it’s just going to be you who’s suffering Barusu, I don’t really care how long it’ll last.]
Subaru: [But this is a joint effort between you and me, nee-sama. You must want to get this over as soon as possible when you think about it like that, right?]
Ram: [Yeah. You repulse me.]
Subaru: [Don’t you think using repulse is going a little too far…]
Though, well, throwing abuse at me is so typical of her. 
Subaru accepted that, all the while suppressing the urge to vomit. Ram stared at him, assuming her familiar pose with her arms folded in front of him.
Ram: […Barusu. I won’t be taking it easy.]
Subaru: […]
Naturally, the more Ram moved using the full capabilities of her body, the greater the burden he would need to take, acting as its counterbalance. Even so, if he wanted to keep Ram in this state, he’d need to be prepared to take on all of that extra burden.
Just her standing there breathing was already plenty to make him groan. And that was just the pain she experienced in her typical daily life.
Subaru: [Nee-sama is too kind, huh.]
That was how the still sleeping Rem would frequently assess her. He hadn’t really gotten it back then, but now he finally understood what she’d meant.
If he were to let himself preface it in typical Ram fashion, it’d be something like: “That’s how Ram goes about things”.
Ram: [Barusu?]
Subaru: [It’s nothing. ――Definitely don’t take it easy of course. I can tell whether you’re in serious-mode or not by how much pain I’m in. What torture it is.]
Ram: [So, you’re saying your plan is the kind where the better I feel, the more you’ll suffer?]
Subaru: [I feel like I’ve just handed the switch to the nukes to the one person I shouldn’t have.]
Then again, if Subaru was going to hand over the switch to the nukes to one of his compatriots, Ram was the only one he’d consider for it.
Subaru: [Otto would be a good bet as well, if not for the fact I’d worry he’d probably slip and accidentally push it… You’re the most reliable in the sense of who’d use it properly nee-sama.]
Ram: [Hah! Flattery will get you nowhere… Listen, take good care of Emilia and Beatrice-sama. I don’t care what happens to you Barusu, since I know you’re always a mess whatever the case.] 
Subaru: [Yeah Yeah, I know. And about Rem…]
Ram: [――The one who cares the most about Rem in this world, is me.]
Ram declared that as if she were stating a matter of course. Her crimson eyes narrowed as Subaru’s breath was taken away by the sheer intensity of her words.
Ram: [Let’s just say that it’s enough that you, in your own Barusu-like way, are the person who cares about her the second-most in the world. Leaving it at that shouldn’t unsettle even a single hair on Rem’s head.]
Subaru: […Yeah, or it’d make me want to die.]
Ram turned her back on Subaru after they’d exchanged their feelings.
There were probably so many things that she wanted to say, words that she wanted to leave him, but she’d quickly changed her attitude, putting an end to them there. 
That was truly how Ram went about things.
Ram: [Kindly take care of yourself as much as possible, Barusu. Otherwise, if you die, you won’t be able to see Rem again.]
Subaru: [Yeah, love you too.]
Subaru likewise replied jokingly to Ram’s facetious concerns.
And so, Subaru watched her run off into the distance saying nary a word, before then planting his feet firmly down onto the corridor and regrouping with Emilia and Beatrice who were waiting for him.
Subaru: [Sorry to keep you waiting. Let’s head out as well.]
Emilia: [Yeah, let’s do that. Will Ram be okay?]
Subaru: [Yeah, most likely; she’s Ram after all, so she’ll be fine… If I’d told her to do something really dumb, there’d be no way she wouldn’t have said anything about it.]
Beatrice: [You’ve gone and put a lot of trust in Ram again, I suppose.]
Subaru: [I trust you just as much, and on top of that, I love you way more. Don’t pout.]
Beatrice puffed out her cheeks as if she were saying: “I’m not pouting, in fact!”. Subaru took her outstretched hand and then looked over at Emilia, standing by his side. He wondered if she was worried about Ram going out on her own; however, her face in profile looked only slightly anxious. 
Subaru: [Emilia-tan?]
Emilia: [No, it’s nothing. I just find that reaaaally reassuring.]
Subaru: [――. Coincidence as it may be, I actually feel the same.]
Emilia’s words didn’t really have any foundation to them, but for Subaru her words served as a great boost. 
Their expectations far surpassed their anxieties. It was far more reassuring to have someone you could entrust, rather than have someone trusting in you. You could better face up against what lay ahead by believing, rather than clinging. Though it wasn’t like they’d solved any of their problems yet.
Subaru: [It’s only natural to believe in your companions; what’s more, you can believe in yourselves relying on them as well. Now’s the clearest our view’s gotten ever since we came to this sand-filled tower.]
Beatrice: [――That look of yours, it’s my favorite kind of Subaru, I suppose.] 
Beatrice looked at Subaru, who’d encouragingly taken over things, and gave him an audacious smile. And then at Beatrice’s comment, Emilia brought a hand to her lips with a “Hehe“, causing Beatrice to point out Emilia’s reaction with a “What’s up with that, in fact.”
Emilia shook her head and then spoke up:
Emilia: [It doesn’t look like you remember, Beatrice, but I was thinking the exact same thing as you.]
△▼△▼△▼△
  A huge creature was caught by its hind-legs and savagely swung around before being smashed against the walls and floor without relent.
???: […]
This creature, that was on the receiving end of these monstrous, unfathomable blows let out a hideous wail. A cacophony grated through the air that sounded like the wails of countless babies.
???: [――ϡ ϡ]
What was letting off those wretched cries was a repulsive, bizarre-looking Witchbeast―― One, which in accordance with his own knowledge, Natsuki Subaru had called the Centaur. However, that girl who’d been well acquainted with this kind of Witchbeast had once called it by a different name. ――The Hungry Horse King.
The Hungry Horse King: [――ϡ ϡ]
The Hungry Horse King’s massive body was hurled away, causing it to somersault through the sand-tower’s balcony. Having been knocked about by the impacts, the King of the Sand Sea instantly picked itself back up with flames spewing from its mane.
Its human upper-half brought forth two swords wreathed in flame. Using this completely un-Witchbeastlike dual-wielding sword art, the Horse King tried to fire off a scorching red blow at the being that had been piling on attacks at it.
However…
???: […]
A white ray of light pierced the Hungry Horse King as it tried to swing its swords of flame, its fiery mane billowing. The impact caused this massive creature to falter back a fair few steps. However, it withstood it. It had withstood it. And just like that, the Horse King stepped forward again, preparing to launch its counterattack. ――But the very next moment, the white ray of light exploded inside its body.
The ray of white light turned into a plethora of white rays that shot out of the Horse King in all directions from the inside out
No matter how resilient a creature was, it could not escape death if all of its vital organs were destroyed within. The Hungry Horse King was no exception to this rule as it brutally perished to the white rays of light.
???: […]
The slaughter of the woman who’d been behind its death ― Shaula ― didn’t stop there.
Swinging her braided brown hair about, Shaula powerfully kicked off the floor and leaped across the balcony floor. With light coming from her outstretched hands, she grabbed ahold of two enemies that were obstructing her path ― they were Witchbeasts that had lizard scales over their ape-like bodies. From there, the light coming from her hands welled forth.
If Subaru would have seen her blow, he would have probably dubbed it a Pile Bunker. The heads of the two monkeys she’d grabbed by the face were obliterated by the white light she’d shot, not even giving them a chance to fight back. She followed up by spinning around on the spot and using her long legs to knock down the monkeys that were bounding towards her. Her toes slammed into their faces, whacking them down to the floor with their heads caved in.
The stage where the battle between Shaula and the Witchbeasts was taking place was the fourth floor of the Pleiades Watchtower. Although the outer-wall balcony was built hundreds of metres above the ground, there were quite a few Witchbeasts there that had wings, or could easily climb the wall. 
She shot down the ones climbing one by one, the balcony soon becoming a sea of blood.
Shaula: […]
Even after carrying out so much carnage, Shaula wasn’t the least bit out of breath. 
The total number of Witchbeasts that were swarming towards the Pleiades Watchtower was so massive, that it’d be pointless to count them. However, the fact that the tower hadn’t succumbed to their avalanche was in no doubt thanks to her overwhelming fighting strength.
Even so, the precarious equilibrium that Shaula was keeping was about to…
???: […Shaula!]
Shaula: [Ghhhhhhhh…!]
A shrill voice called out her name, but she didn’t answer back. With her face contorted in pain, she grabbed a winged Witchbeast that was flying towards her and smashed it down at her feet. 
She followed up by piercing it with a white ray of light, giving bloom to flowers of red mid-air, successfully putting an end to its pursuit. However, the state Shaula was in didn’t change as she drove them away. She clutched at her own face and stamped her feet down onto the floor. 
Through the gap between her fingers―― Her large-pupiled eyes were beginning to split apart and pulse a brilliant red. Her compound eyes were making their appearance, meaning Shaula was transforming.
Shaula: [Someone… Someone broke a rule…]
With her face covered by the palm of her hands, she met the looming Witchbeasts in this destitute state. She fought off their attacks with her long legs, pulverising their bodies with sharp back-kicks.
???: [This is bad. She’s at her limit. Meili! How’s it looking on your end…]
Meili: [It’s exactly how it looks, I’ve got my ha~nds full dealing with these flying young’uns! If my naked onee-san becomes unable to fight too, we’ll definitely, definitely be running short of ha~nds!] 
???: [Guess so. This is looking fairly grim.]
Gazing at Shaula’s anguish, was a girl with wavy light-purple hair sporting a bleak look on her face; Anastasia ― Or rather, Echidna, who was currently borrowing her body. Standing beside her was Meili as well. Her dark blue ponytail was swaying about as she somehow kept the scales tipped in their favour by using her Divine Protection.
The trio of Shaula, Echidna and Meili were the team resisting with all their might to keep the Witchbeasts from approaching the Pleiades Watchtower. However, unlike Meili with her Divine Protection of Magic Manipulation and Shaula with her predisposition for pure firepower, Echidna’s presence was pretty much worthless.
She was reluctant to go back to Taygeta, but at the same time, she wanted to avoid retreating further into the tower which was in a state of unease, where she’d only end up being an unnecessary burden. 
Echidna: [Calm down, now’s not the time for that…]
She moved her slender fingers and focused her awareness at the Od inside her ― Though strictly speaking it was the Od inside Anastasia’s body. Anastasia’s Gate had a defect in it, where it couldn’t take in any mana. That’s why she could only cast magic with her natural Od.
In other words, it was tantamount to cutting Anastasia’s lifespan. Therefore, a measure that not even Echidna wanted to take, other than when her life was truly in danger.
But better to take action than just sit around waiting for death. At least, that’s what the Anastasia she knew would think.
Everyone had to use the cards they were dealt with, and thus, victory was determined by the way you played your cards.
Echidna: […]
The change afflicting Shaula was most likely due to something that was rooted in her core. Something that definitely couldn’t be overturned, existing as a kind of shackle on her. As an Artificial Spirit, Echidna understood that all too well, considering she was in similar shoes. There wasn’t anything anyone could do about one’s force of will.
If what she’d said before was true, then the rules of the Pleiades Watchtower had been broken. She needed to act as the Watchtower’s keeper to remedy that.
The reason she was resisting so hard was because, in the depths of her heart, she didn’t actually want to harm them―― Or rather, she probably didn’t want to harm Natsuki Subaru.
Echidna: […It’s ironic.]
Thanks to her staying on as the keeper of this Watchtower, she’d been able to reunite with the one person she’d wanted to meet. Yet because of her continued presence as its keeper, she couldn’t go against the orders to harm him. ――Truly the sorrow of being a creation.
In its truest sense, Echidna thought that probably only she and Beatrice, with her also being a creation, could comprehend the pain she was in. 
That was why she…
???: […DRYHAAAAAAA!!]
Echidna caught a glimpse of the silhouette of a person leaping out from the corridor that led from the balcony to the tower, letting out a vigorous yell. Her eyes mutely widened in surprise, her breath taken away from her.
△▼△▼△▼△
Subaru felt shocked the moment he’d leapt out onto the balcony, witnessing the differences between what it usually looked like and now. He immediately realised that a fierce battle was taking place here.
Subaru: […]
The fourth floor balcony had turned into a sea of blood, with countless Witchbeast cadavers scattered about. 
This best seat in the house, where you could enjoy an unbroken view of the sand sea, was now dyed in blood thanks to the countless Witchbeasts ceaselessly charging at it. If left unchecked, they’d get into the tower and mayhem would ensue.
And, the biggest contributor in preventing this damage from spreading was…
Subaru: […Shaula!]
Shaula: [Master…?]
Shaula turned around at the sound of Subaru’s yell ― Her eyes were about to split apart and divide into her six compound eyes; three on the left, three on the right.
He’d already witnessed this transformation process of hers with his own eyes. It meant that the rules of the Pleiades Watchtower had been broken and Shaula’s time had come to take up her duty as the watchtower’s keeper. 
This would culminate in Shaula transforming into the giant scorpion against her will, where she’d then set about annihilating the challengers inside the tower ― i.e. Subaru and his group.
That’s why…
Shaula: [Master… Please… Please order me…!]
Subaru: […]
Shaula: [Someone broke the rules. At this rate… Master… I’ll… end up ki…! If you can’t, you know, before I do that, I’ll… I’ll…]
Shaula clutched her body tightly as she sought Subaru’s orders with a look of desperation set on her face.
Her capacity for self-suicide seemed to have been instinctively robbed from her. What she was beseeching for here was one final push to kill her.
Shaula would throw away her life without any hesitation if Subaru were to say it. You could safely say that the threat of the giant scorpion would be gone, so long as he gave the command.
Thus, Subaru nodded his head firmly,
Subaru: [Shaula.]
Shaula: [Y…es… If it’s for you Master, I’ll…]
Subaru: [I’m getting sick of telling you this, but I ain’t got a clue why you’re calling me Master.]
Shaula: [――hk]
The instant Subaru replied back to her, Shaula’s compound eyes became tinged with despair.
After four hundred years of waiting in vain, she’d finally been able to meet him again. But to have that denied by him, and after all that, even have her last wish trampled on, led to her feeling as frightened as a child.
Subaru took a deep breath, and then let it out as he gazed on at her trepidation.
Subaru: [That’s why we’ll talk about whether I’m your Master or not later, as well as if I’ll admit to it.]
Shaula: [Eh…]
Subaru: [I’m not going to tell you to die. There’s no way I’m going to let you keep crying. There’s absolutely no way I’m going to let your four hundred years end here.]
He’d spent quite some time scraping up the “Memories” he’d temporarily lost, so he knew all too well.
The patience people had in this world was insane. Four hundred years they’d spend waiting in earnest for someone. He really needed to drag out these people they wanted to meet, even if it meant grabbing them by the scruff of their necks.
Subaru: [I’ll just do it myself! As if I’m going to willingly do what someone else tells me! Bring it on, oh inevitable fate!]
Shaula: […]
Subaru raised his fist up above him while he firmly declared that, leaving Shaula speechless. Yet at the same time, the unbearable urge going on inside her seemed to be about to burst. 
But, at least in that precise moment for her, that which mattered weren’t the rules of the tower or the explosive urge to swell up from within.
Shaula: [Master… I love you.]
Such it would seem were her emotions of uncontrollable love she held for the person she’d longed for all these four hundred years.
Shaula: […]
Shaula’s transformation truly began straight after she’d proclaimed her love.
Her pale, slender hands swelled up, and morphed into giant pincers. Her feminine, voluptuous body burst open, scattering flesh and blood which then formed back, like the rewind on a tape, re-moulding her body anew. A jet-black shell grew there as her bright red compound eyes glared down at the world. Her many legs pierced into the floor, and so the warden of the sand-tower was completed――.
Shaula: [――ϡ ϡ]
The foreboding figure of the giant scorpion let out a shrill warning cry at the rule-breakers who’d violated the tower rules. The first thing its compound eyes settled on was, ironically enough, the black-haired young man that the previous version had obsessed over.
It aimed at him, ready to unleash its devastating blow…
???: [――HIYAAAAAAAA!!]
――Yet a thunderous flying kick drove into the giant scorpion’s body from the side.
The kick carried a tremendous amount of power, enough to lift the giant scorpion’s huge body up from the floor and blow it back. It hurtled across the stone floor, collecting Witchbeasts on its way, before flying off the edge of the balcony out into the skies over the sand sea.
However, the giant scorpion wasn’t going to just do nothing about it. She hurriedly thrust her outstretched stinger into the wall of the watchtower, tossing its massive body up, twisting its body midair as it desperately tried to get back to the balcony.
Subaru: […Murak]
A single chanted word was what prevented it from making its way back.
This direction-imbued mana interfered with the reality around them, bringing about effects into the world that wouldn’t normally occur on their own. This time, its effect had been to block the giant scorpion’s return. 
The scorpion was caught by a gust of wind as it desperately tried to land on the balcony. Its body was swept back by the sandy breeze, sending it far off trajectory. 
How strong a turbulence would it have to be to blow away the scorpion’s colossal body? It was utterly massive, weighing at least several hundred kilos. Though, things weren’t like it seemed.
Murak was a kind of Yin Magic that changed the gravity of its target. 
To put it briefly, it was quite natural that its body had ended up unable to move as it normally did, considering it now weighed as much as a speck of dust. That’s all there was to it.
Shaula: [――ϡ ϡ]
The giant scorpion let out a pained cry before being thrown back once again from the balcony. It quickly swung its stinger in an attempt to snipe those in the tower, having given up on getting back.
But that came a step too late.
Meili: [Hanemogura-chan!]
The girl’s imposing command gave way to a rush of blows that hurtled towards the giant scorpion as it blew away in the breeze. Witchbeasts, with what seemed to be bird feathers sprouting from them and most of their heads morphed into a horn, dove towards her. 
One by one, they shot themselves straight at the scorpion’s shell. And although they didn’t damage it, they were still able to push her further and further away with each impact, keeping her away from the tower.
Shaula: […]
Even as great of a scorpion as she was, she wasn’t going to be able to shift her body weight around without something to support her. Just like that, after the wind had blown her away, the magic was canceled, making her fall head over heels towards the ground.
They were hundreds of metres up from the ground, but she wasn’t the kind of opponent who’d be done in by something like that. Though, it sufficed as a means for buying time, thus he would make use of this brief reprieve.  
Subaru: [Meili! Echidna!]
Echidna: [Natsuki-kun! You’ve pulled yourself together… yeah?]
Echidna looked up with a frown as Subaru rushed over to her. Then with a pensive look adorning Anastasia’s face, she continued her words,
Echidna: [Have you perchance gotten your memories back?]
Subaru: [This is going to save me a lot of time! Though how did you know?]
Echidna: [It’s obvious. Otherwise Beatrice wouldn’t be sporting such a proud look next to you.]
Echidna jerked her chin at Beatrice, who was looking rather smug as she held Subaru’s hand.
Indeed, it was plain as day that Beatrice’s mood had lifted for the better. Plus, the fact that she couldn’t hide this show of emotion of hers was really lovely.
Of course Echidna’s insight was superb as well, make no mistake about that. Following from it, she shifted her gaze to look behind Subaru ― at Emilia ― who’d given the giant scorpion a flying kick earlier. 
Echidna: [And this girl I don’t recognise is…?]
Subaru: [It’s due to Gluttony’s authority. She’s a victim to it, just like Julius is… They’re all forgotten, other than by the person themselves. Her name is Emilia. My tough yet adorable princess.]
Echidna: [I appreciate you getting me up to speed so quickly, even so, the tower, both inside and outside, is an utter mess. Would you mind if I were to ask you what we’re going to do about it?]
Subaru: [You can, I’ve already got an answer ready for that.] 
Subaru gave her a deep nod. Behind him, Emilia spread her arms out and sent countless shards of ice up into the air. She waited a moment and then unleashed them all, their ferocious power tearing through the Witchbeasts soaring through the skies, as well as those on the ground.
Although Subaru couldn’t see it from where he was, they must have also pierced into the giant scorpion who’d fallen beneath. Yet her attack had only been a drop in the ocean with all these Witchbeasts they had in front of them…
Subaru: [Echidna, you’re going to take over inside! First, you’re going to meet back up with Julius on the second floor where he’s fighting! I’ve told Emilia what to do after that!]
Echidna: [――. I have no issues leaving together with her, but what are you and Beatrice going to do?]
Beatrice: [Our role is already set, in fact.]
Echidna hesitated for a moment before giving her answer. Beatrice replied back to her before raising her eyes up in admiration to look at Subaru’s face in profile, firmly giving his hand a squeeze.
Beatrice: [We’re going to deal with that giant scorpion here, I suppose. We’re going to have to go easy on her, so that we don’t accidentally kill her. Jeez, what a bother, in fact.]
Subaru: [She sure talks big doesn’t she. That’s my Beako for you.]
Beatrice: [Thbptttttttt, I suppose.]
After voicing out her boasts, as if trying to rouse both herself and her contractor, Beatrice stuck her tongue out.
Echidna’s eyes grew wider as she witnessed their exchange, followed by a shake of her head. Rather than wasting time arguing, it’d better for her to believe that this was the best way to go about things, and commit to it.
Indeed, it was so typical of Anastasia to have that instinct that allowed her to make split second decisions. 
Echidna: [There’s no doubting that your opinions have come as a great help for us pretty much everywhere inside this tower. That’s why… it seems to me that handing this place over to you would give us our best chances of winning.]
Subaru: [I feel honoured. Though I can’t help but feel bad that you’ve ended up with Echidna’s name.]
Echidna: [Regarding the matter of the deep influence my Creator has, I’d like to find an opportunity to have a proper discussion about this after we settle things. …Is there anything you want me to pass on to Julius?]
Subaru: […]
Echidna tacked that question onto the end, just before she turned her back to leave.
Subaru could still sense Julius fighting a floor above them using the effects of Cor Leonis ― Now that he thought about it, this meant that he’d met back up with all of his friends inside the tower, bar him.
Given that Julius had also been really worried about him when he’d lost his memories, Subaru wondered whether he needed to tell him that he’d gotten them back. However…
Subaru: [Nope, not really.]
He had no words that he needed to tell Julius Euculius who lay locked in combat with Reid Astrea.  
After all, Subaru’s plan had been to assign the best people to their most suitable posts amidst this dismal state of affairs. That’s why he’d gone around talking to them, after all he’d needed to reshuffle their roles. However, he didn’t need to do that for Julius. 
…Because his post lay nowhere else but against Reid Astrea.
Subaru: [At this point, I can literally only say attaboy to him. He’d still end up going to Reid, even if I didn’t mention anything.]
Thanks to that he’d been able to talk with Shaula before transforming into the giant scorpion.
The familiar words of love she’d uttered in the end had provided Subaru with a boundless strength. A fire had been lit in his heart when he’d told her that he’d definitely, definitely help her.
So, that was why…
Subaru: […Everything I needed to say has already been said by the previous me, as well as the me a little before that. I don’t have anything else to add now. He is Julius Euculius after all.] 
Natsuki Subaru fully acknowledged that an unyielding fate existed in this world.
The many problems shrouding the watchtower were impossible to avoid, they would always rear their ugly heads at them. But, being unavoidable and unsurmountable were two completely different stories.
If it was fate for Reid Astrea to stand against Julius, then what came beyond that was also inevitable.
The one who was going to slay Reid Astrea reborn was Julius Euculius.
Echidna: [――. I see. I’ll just tell him as it is then.]
Subaru: [Oh wait, there is something. Since everyone’s having a hard time here, tell him to hurry his ass and settle things there, then come give back up to the others.]
Subaru waved at Echidna as she began to rush off to her duties with a strained smile on her face. After seeing her off, he turned towards Emilia, who was busy cutting down a pair of Witchbeasts with a sword of ice, over by where Echidna was heading to.
Subaru: [Emilia-tan! It’s going to be just as we discussed! I’m counting on you Emilia-tan!]
Emilia: [Mhm, leave it to me! You’re the one who mustn’t die here Subaru!]
Subaru: [Of course I won’t!]
Emilia’s words were only natural, however, they’d made Subaru raise his fist, feeling more overwhelmed than usual.
He didn’t want to die. ――The reason for that remained unchanged, but now he had more of them why he needed to avoid it at all costs. The dangers of Returning by Death in this situation were nigh unspeakable.
If his restart point hadn’t changed, then he’d go back to the stage before he’d separated Louis Arneb, along with her Witch Factor, from himself. As for what kind of trouble that would bring, neither he, nor anyone else, could know.
Would Louis vanish from Subaru’s body or not? The Hall of Memories lay somewhat out of the normal scheme of things, so he didn’t know whether it would avoid the effects of his Return by Death. Everything was so unclear.
So, that meant…
Subaru: […This time, we’re going to settle things here!]
Following Subaru’s affirmation, Emilia grabbed ahold of Echidna and left the balcony. The girls would be going to their respective field of battle, and likewise, so would Subaru and his group. 
Meili: [Wha~t now? All of that sounded like gibberish to m~e, any chance you could explain things to me pro~perly?]
Meili had been patient and not interrupted his conversation with Echidna. But she’d called out to him when she’d noticed that only he and Beatrice had remained on the balcony. 
Subaru gave her a thumbs up and flashed her a devilish smile, showing all of his teeth. 
There’d been only one reason why Subaru hadn’t called out to Meili in these last moments ― Like Julius, she was already in her ideal field of battle.
Subaru: [I’m sorry Meili, but you’re going to be joining us. Me, you and Beako are going to be holding down two of these corners ― the giant scorpion and the swarm of Witchbeasts!]
Meili: [That’s really not much of an expla~nation!]
Beatrice: […She’s coming, in fact!]
He didn’t have the time to give Meili a more detailed explanation as she gave a swing of her braided hair with a puff of her cheeks. The very next instant, a massive creature jumped up from the outer-wall of the tower, onto the balcony, as if in response to what Beatrice had said.
The creature had a jet-black shell, red compounded eyes and ferocious looking pincers…
Subaru: [So, you’re a four hundred year old hikikomori, yeah?]
Subaru let out a quick sigh before nimbly picking Beatrice up from his side, and snuggling her into his arms. Then, along with Meili who’d rushed over to join them, they came face to face with the giant scorpion.
Faced with their enemy who was still silently glaring at them, he gave a small smile,
Subaru: [This is a hikikomori showdown. Her over there clocks in at four hundred years, whereas us two over here clock in at four hundred and one.]
Meili: [Isn’t four hundred and two more co~rrect when you count all three of us?]
Subaru: [In other words, we’re gonna win!]
Beatrice: [I don’t get what any of this means, other than the part you said about winning, I suppose!!]
Held within his arms, Beatrice shouted at Subaru and Meili for joking about together. And just like that, surrounded by just the right amount of tension, he glared at the giant scorpion and let out a sigh.
Now things had shaped up to become his foreseen match-ups. All that was left now…
Subaru: […I’m seriously counting on you, Emilia-tan. You’re the key to everything.]
  …The battle against the Four Corners enclosing the Pleiades Watchtower had officially begun.

          ※ ※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※


Chapter 80
The giant scorpion was the one who fired off the first blow to start the battle.
[…]
Its red compound eyes glittered brightly, and immediately afterwards, a white ray of light gushed forth from its swinging tail. What was terrifying about that, was that its blow, meant as a fatal one for them, had been fired off without even one of its typical cries. With nary even a hiss, the giant scorpion nonchalantly rained death down towards them.
Subaru had tons of bad memories associated with that white light. Specifically, he’d been killed by it in around half of his fifteen plus attempts inside the tower.
Nevertheless, given that he’d been killed so much by it, he did learn a thing or two, despite how much he despised it.
Namely…
Subaru: [The time it takes to charge up and the signs it shows when it’s about to attack…!]
The scorpion’s compound eyes and stinger both glowed a smidgen more when it was about to unleash an attack. These signs were so subtle, to the point he’d thought he was just seeing things, but this eye for survival was what Subaru had developed through his mortal trial and errors. 
Making full use of it, Subaru ran with Beatrice in his arms, taking it upon himself to close the gap between them and the giant scorpion. Reason being…
Subaru: [Its charging speed is pretty damn slow…!] 
With a twist of his body, he dodged the white ray light that had welled forth as he said that.
Even if he’d called the ray of light slow, it was still much faster than a pitch from a shoddy high-school baseball player. Fortunately though, he was confident in his ability to tell whether a pitch was good or not. And in any case, there was no way he was going to stay alive without being able to do that.
A great man had once said that life was all about trial and error. Though, he probably hadn’t been envisioning these life or death situations when he’d said that.
Even so, you learn by making mistakes. That was an immutable truth. Subaru “luckily” had the ability to go through trial and error in life or death situations. 
He’d made full use of that to find his eye for survival. ――Thus this was Natsuki Subaru’s arena.
Subaru: [I’m sorry for not being able to live up to all your expectations, other me!]
Subaru dished out a heartfelt apology to his other self who’d sought out an almighty Natsuki Subaru. It was like he was saying to them, “I’m sorry for only being able to fight dirty.” Beatrice though reacted with a snorted “Hmph”. She was still held tightly in between his arms, dancing this jig of life and death with him. 
Beatrice: [What are you talking about, in fact. You’ve never failed to live up to our expectations, I suppose.]
Beatrice spoke up, then raised her hand up in a flash. From her thin lips, she chanted the word “Murak”; a kind of Yin Magic that tampered with the law of gravity. 
The giant scorpion had once been hit with its effects and pushed far away below them. So this time, the scorpion braced its jet-black shell and planted its legs firmly so that it wouldn’t go through the same thing again. 
However…
Meili: [You’re just playing into my hands if you’re going to stay sti~ll!]
A barrage of Witchbeasts began to assail the unmoving giant scorpion. 
The strange-looking Witchbeasts Meili had ordered the attack from were called “Hanemogura”. They looked like what you’d get if you crossed wings and horns together. And just like bullets that held no fear of death, they shot towards the giant scorpion and unhesitatingly struck its tough shell with their horns. The sounds of them crashing against it overlapped with the sounds of shattering.
The giant scorpion writhed in pain and raised its large pincers in retaliation. 
???: [...ϡ ϡ]
What followed the attack in their stead was the bizarrest of all bizzare-looking figures. A being that was the very manifestation of a nightmare-ridden night, the Centaur that was a cross between man and horse: the “Hungry Horse King”.
The terrible wail of babies swept through the watchtower’s balcony. Along with it came a grating roar that made him want to cover his ears up, and then a burst of flames which violently filled the area around them, almost all the way up to the sky.
Hungry Horse King: [...ϡ ϡ]
The Hungry Horse King didn’t hesitate and thrust its fiery spear right into the heart of the flames. Its red-hot tip was going to land a critical hit that would burn through even the scorpion’s iron-like shell. 
The giant scorpion was overwhelmingly strong when it came to plain fighting strength. However, that didn’t mean attacks wouldn’t work against it. It felt pain if struck, just like any living creature. 
It felt pain if struck. If struck.
Subaru: […]
Thus the giant scorpion embodied the “Then everything’s hunky dory so long as I’m not hit” sort of mantra.
It caught the fiery spear with one of its enormous pincers and severed the Hungry Horse King’s arm in one swoop. The Horse King tried to regenerate its wound, but it had been ruthlessly cauterised by its own fiery spear. The squirming, bubbling flesh of its wound trying to regenerate itself stopped in its tracks.
Subaru had been able to obtain an unnecessary tidbit from this; namely, that it wouldn’t be able to regenerate its burnt wounds. The Hungry Horse King was now stopped in its tracks, but then, the giant scorpion’s stinger went off with a bang into the Hungry Horse King’s body, causing its large body to burst open from within.
[…]
The Hungry Horse King’s flesh and blood scattered everywhere, and along with it went its life.
Even the Hanemogura who’d been smashed against the scorpion’s shell ended up dead when their horn, which was fused with their head, broke. The way they fought by tragically throwing away their lives was one that could naturally be cursed as utterly barbaric.
It would be wrong of Subaru to close his eyes to this and dismiss it as “There’s no problem with that since they’re a Witchbeast.” However, he also wasn’t planning on glossing things over by saying “All lives are created equally.”
Life had value to it, and without a doubt, there were differences in their values.
There were clear differences in the way he felt about the weight of the lives of those who were precious to him and those who weren’t. He wasn’t going to hide that behind any deceptions. That’s why he was going to make full use of the Witchbeasts’ lives to win this fight.
Therefore…
Subaru: [Though you’re doing the right thing overlooking me, you’re still making a big mistake!]
With the Witchbeast vanguard repelled, Subaru confidently stepped through the floor which was now coated red. Carrying Beatrice in his left arm, he drew out his whip with his right and swung it up.
Dubbed the Guiltywhip, its blasphemous finishing touches had been done using the corpse of his former foe―― Natsuki Subaru cracked it through the air, his super-quick whiplash scored a direct hit on the giant scorpion’s shell. 
The scorpion let out a thunderous cry and glared at Subaru with its red compound eyes. There were no signs that he’d caused any damage to it, nor that it was feeling any pain. 
But he was fine with that. His aim hadn’t been to inflict any damage on it. That had probably been why it had put off dealing with Subaru until last, after the other Witchbeasts. 
The great scorpion’s decision was both right, and wrong.
Subaru: [WHRAAAAAAA――!!]
Beatrice: [We caught a big one, in fact!!]
His whip had snared itself around the scorpion’s shell. With that, the scorpion’s massive body would shoot up when he tugged with all his might, thanks to the recoil. This was made possible by the fact that the effects of Beatrice’s Yin Magic were still in play, drastically decreasing the weight of the titanic beast.
The giant scorpion immediately tried to plant itself firmly on the ground. However, the vast quantities of blood and entrails at its feet made the conditions extremely poor for getting a firm grip. Subaru reeled the scorpion up in one swoop as it tried to cling onto the floor with its sharp talons.
From an outsider’s perspective, the situation almost looked like Subaru was swinging the giant beast about using some form of superhuman strength. But this grandiose spectacle on display had only been made possible thanks to Beatrice’s help. And so he kept swinging the giant scorpion’s body as much as he could with his whip, until finally, he hurled it away.
Subaru: [BOOON VOOOOYAGE――!!]
The giant scorpion’s body spun around in midair, carrying its super-giant swinging momentum.
As it spun around uncontrollably, it tried to hit Subaru with a white ray of light, showing pinpoint targeting. However, Beatrice raised her hand up to knock it away.
She materialised glowing purple crystals in midair, and used them to shoot the white ray of light down head-on. As their coordination sprung to life, Subaru released the giant scorpion from his whip and it flew away towards the sky once more.
Subaru: [This should buy us more…]
“Time.” 
Subaru found a reprieve out of this mess with this precarious attack, although he had to allow some concessions to win out in the end. However, his eyes widened in surprise before he could finish what he was saying.
Right before his eyes, the giant scorpion began to perform an astonishing feat of acrobatics as it hurtled away. 
[…]
With a slash from its enormous pincers, it severed its own tail at the root. Just like that, its tail flew away, scattering dark-red bodily fluids in its wake. Yet, a white ray of light was fired off from the very tip of it.
It slammed against the now tailless scorpion and blew it back towards the balcony of the watchtower with tremendous force. All that work in making it lighter and practically weightless―― and now it had made it back to the balcony, bringing a shockwave with it. It dug its enormous pincers into the floor to stop its momentum, before then pointing its glare at them. 
Subaru: [T-Those were some acrobatics you did. But if that means you’ve lost your tail, then all the better for us…]
Scorpion: […]   
Subaru: [Like, I mean, hey, wait a sec, wait a sec, wait a sec, wait a sec!]
The giant scorpion had landed and lowered its body, putting itself on guard as more darkish-red blood poured out from its tail. But its wound hadn’t gotten any deeper. Quite the opposite in fact. ――Its severed tail was regrowing from its stump.
And it wasn’t only its tail. The cracks in its shell that had come from firing the white ray of light at itself, so to blow it back, were also bubbling away. He could see those wounds filling in as well.
Subaru: [It’s tough, smart and heals; aren’t we just getting more and more of these un-Shaula like features!?]
Healing aside, Shaula’s body was soft, and she wasn’t in the least bit smart. Nevertheless, the giant scorpion had shed all of these traits and was now coming at them with its overwhelming killing power. 
It haphazardly swung its newly-grown tail about, releasing its stingers all around into the surroundings. Its attack was a ranged one, that showed no signs of its typical tells; so it was safe to say that it was the worst kind of attack for Subaru and Beatrice to be subjected to, given how much they fell short in strength.
Subaru: [Whoooooaaaa――!?]
Beatrice: [Gh… Subaru, we’ll have to fly, I suppose!!]
They had no means to escape from the white rays of light the scorpion had fired off, at least on terra firma. That said, a means of escape had presented itself in the skies. Beatrice quickly released her magic from the scorpion and called back to Subaru.
Subaru kicked off from the ground and jumped up into the air with all his might, trusting in his partner, regardless of whether her magic was actually going to work. The white rays of light began to shatter the balcony, with one of them just barely grazing his feet.
Subaru: [That was really close…]
Beatrice: [Don’t speak so soon, in fact…!]
They’d literally jumped over the possibility of death, but they had no time for relief.
The same thing had happened as before when Subaru and Beatrice had laid their attack onto the giant scorpion. Escaping up to the skies meant that they’d lost both their foothold and escape route. ――All that was left for them was to be destroyed by one of the scorpion’s attacks.
Subaru: [Beako! Original Spell, Part 2――!]
Although this trump card could only be used three times a day, there was no way they could risk messing up by not using it and dying as a result. The moment Subaru squeezed her shoulders tightly, Beatrice came to the same conclusion as well.
She’d have their special technique ready for deployment in a jiffy, which would make Subaru invincible for a set amount of time…
???: [...ϡ ϡ]
Subaru: [Whoa!?]
Beatrice: [Whaaa!?]
She and Subaru were grabbed from the side before she could cast the technique. A white ray of light passed through the space which they’d been in a moment ago, almost evaporating them. 
The only thing that had saved them from that demise, and was keeping them from being pursued by the great scorpion was…
Subaru: [T-That was close. What even happened… Ghe!?]
Beatrice: [I suppose!?]
Subaru checked to see what was going on as he clinged to something rubbery. His voice caught in astonishment; likewise Beatrice also had quite the frown on her face.  
This was because the one who’d saved them from the giant scorpion’s attack, and was still giving it their all to protect them, was a mauve-coloured, vicious-looking Witchbeast: a Hungry Horse King.
Subaru: [I never thought we’d be here fighting together at the climax when I first saw you down in the underground!]
Hungry Horse King: [...ϡ ϡ]
The Hungry Horse King let out an ear-splitting cry in reply to Subaru’s bluff. His face tensed up at that; then, another Hungry Horse King pulled over next to them. Clinging to that Horse King’s back was Meili’s small body.
Meili: [It looked to me like you were about to pull out your trump card, we~ren’t you? Try to be a li~ttle more careful. Onii-san’s and Beatrice-chan’s trump card is a lifeline for me as well after a~ll!]
Subaru: [Nice save! Nice support! You did well Meili! Can we change the field of battle at this rate?]
Meili: [You mean, you want us to cha~nge locations? I sure can, bu~t…]
Subaru: [Then please go for it! We have too few escape routes here for starters!]
Scanning the surroundings, Subaru decided to beat a retreat from the balcony, since there weren’t many places left to stand on. Tons of Witchbeast corpses were already littered about there, and with how things were, weird accidents would be prone to happen.
Meili gave some thought to the efficiency of his decision and then nodded. She clapped her Hungry Horse King on its back and gave the two of them their orders. As soon as they heard her words, the two Horse Kings picked up their pace and jumped down from the balcony, onto the wall of the watchtower. They began to run down it without wasting any time, at breakneck speeds.
Subaru: [WHAAAAAA――!?]
Beatrice: [WABABABABABABA, IN FACT!?]
Subaru and Beatrice yelled out in tandem, hugging each other as they faced this unexpected hard ride. At the same time though, he could only take his hat off at Meili, for being able to tame Hungry Horse Kings of all things, and have them be part of their troops. 
Subaru: […]
With the supremely-powerful Hungry Horse Kings at their head, the Hanemogura flying through the skies, the colossal sandworms, courtesan bears and other countless Witchbeasts on the ground as their allies, they had quite a wide range of strategy available to them.
It could be said that they were the ideal partners for Subaru, since his plan was to keep stalling for time by dishing out one delay tactic after the other. 
Subaru: [We’re really being spoilt for choice with how many ways we have to attack! You and I may be way more compatible than I’d ever thought Meili!]
Meili: [Do~n’t say that, Onii-san. I really wouldn’t want Petra and Beatrice-chan gla~ring at me!]
Subaru exchanged shouts with Meili as they galloped down the watchtower in vertical fashion. The latter gave Subaru a sullen frown in response to his casual chit-chat as she clung onto her Hungry Horse King’s back. Her reaction slightly hurt his innocent male sensibilities, but right now was the time to ignore such trivial wounds.
Subaru: [Round two’s gonna start when we drop onto the sand sea. She’s gonna come after me! So for the time being, she shouldn’t interfere with anyone inside the tower…]
Meili: [Bu~t, we’re still stuck without a way to beat her, yeah? No matter how much time we spend running around, we’re not gonna be able to grab a win, ri~ght?]
Since they were in the Augria Sand Dunes, they had Witchbeasts in endless supply. Thus their Witchbeast ammo. wasn’t ever going to run out. However, all that gave them was the ability to continue waging their battle, rather than a surefire way to beat the scorpion.
Subaru: […]
He glanced over at Meili. Sweat was dripping from her forehead, which she was wiping away at, and her breaths were slightly laboured.
That was in part due to how strained she was, being caught smack dab in between the hammer and anvil that was the battlefield. However, he couldn’t help but think that it was also in part due to the toll which controlling Witchbeasts had on her. Though this was something which Subaru couldn’t really comprehend, since he didn’t hold a Divine Protection, there was enough of a chance for a Divine Protection to become toxic when overused.
Subaru: [Otto did joke about this, saying stuff like the world was hellish back when he couldn’t control his Divine Protection…]
Maybe those words that Otto had spluttered out when drunk were nothing to sneeze at.
If Divine Protections became burdensome like Otto had said, then there’d be a limit to how much Meili could fight as well. Their defeat would instantly be set in stone were Meili to fall in battle. 
In other words…
Subaru: [Indeed, this battle will be decided by how much I coddle Meili as a princess――!] 
Beatrice: [What an inexcusable plan, I suppose!]
Right after Beatrice raised her eyebrows in response to Subaru’s declaration, a shock ran through their entire bodies. It served as a sign that the Hungry Horse Kings had reached their final stop after running down the tower at breakneck speeds. 
Meaning they’d broken past the vertical wall of the watchtower and arrived back at the sand sea.
Subaru: [It’s not like it’s gone anywhere at the end of the day… But when you drop down to it like this, it feels way more different.]
Beatrice: [How does it feel, in fact?]
Subaru: [Absolutely awful, I hate how deserts are just full of sand. It reminds me of how I never liked the desert stages you often got in games as well.]
Sometimes, depending on the game’s system, the HP of his character would start ticking down by doing nothing but walking in the searing heat. This sand sea had nothing to do with the scorching sand you got in those, but even so, he didn’t have any fond memories of it.
Made all the worse by the fact that they were surrounded by countless swarms of Witchbeasts.
Subaru: [Though, I know they aren’t going to attack us…]
A sickly-sweet aroma that made him want to wrinkle his nose was floating about, accompanied by a far worse beastly stench; he could pretty much say that the air around the sand sea was one of the crummiest in the world. Though with the environment being filled with tons of Witchbeasts, some familiar, others not; perhaps Witchbeast Researchers or whatever would drool over that? 
Unfortunately it only made Subaru and his team feel uneasy.
Meili: [S~o, what’s your answer to my question?]
Meili rode her Hungry Horse King over to Subaru and Beatrice as the former shuddered. She wanted an answer to her question. Subaru glanced up at the tower, and then replied,
Subaru: [It’s as you say, we can’t do anything about the giant scorpion… about Shaula. That’s why Emilia-tan holds the key to everything.]
Meili: [Are you talking about that silver-haired Onee-san from earlier?]
Subaru: [Yeah. Emilia-tan and the fifth rule are the key to everything.] 
Subaru gave the puzzled Meili a nod before sticking his palm up in front of her. He spread out all five of his fingers, marking the rules imposed on them as challengers of the Pleiades Watchtower.  
Subaru: [We can’t leave without completing the “Trials”. We can’t break the “Trial” rules. We aren’t allowed to disrespect the “Libraries”. We mustn’t damage the tower. And finally…]
Meili: [Hm?]
Meili should have heard the first four rules. 
But she didn’t know the fifth one. Shaula had been trying to hide it, so only Subaru, who’d “Returned by Death”, knew what it was. As well as Shaula herself of course.
The fifth rule that Shaula had zipped her lips shut and refused to tell them was…
Subaru: […It is not forbidden to destroy the “Trials”. Meaning we can destroy the rules of this tower.]
As challengers, the “Trials” constrained their actions. At the same time though, the rules also constrained Shaula’s actions since she was one of their examiners. 
Shaula was bound by the rules of the tower. So, even though she didn’t want to kill them, she  couldn’t escape from the fate that bound her to try and do so through her giant scorpion transformation.
If those shackles had been binding her for over four hundred years, then…
Beatrice: […tch. She’s coming, I suppose!]
A great plume of smoke rose before their eyes just after her warning. 
An accompanying shockwave came from the giant silhouette that had leaped down from the balcony without any hesitation, rather than running straight down the tower. 
He could hear the heavy grating sound of its large pincers coming from the thick of the smoke. The giant scorpion slowly emerged from within, its compound eyes were pointed directly at Subaru instead of at the countless enemies around them. 
Subaru: [Beako, Meili! We need to buy some time! Emilia-tan’s victory is the condition for our’s!]
Beatrice: [I get you loud and clear, in fact!]
Meili: [And exactly how long is she going to take to achieve tha~t?]
Subaru: [As fast as she possibly can.]
Emilia was always earnest and extremely hardworking. 
Thus, there was no way she was going to compromise or slack off with the problems they were facing. The results she delivered were always the best she could give, and with it came the highest firepower she could muster.
Subaru believed in that, he loved that, he cherished that. That’s why he was going to be able to stand his ground here.
Subaru: [Now then, let’s do this. We’re gonna break fate… No, we’re gonna break the tower’s system!]
  　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　△▼△▼△▼△
???: [I see, so that’s why you’re…]
???: [Yeah, it’s like that! Subaru told me that I’d definitely find a way to rewrite the situation we’re in if I go up to the very top of the tower!]
Emilia focused on running as fast as she could, giving her only a brisk reply. She was holding Echidna in her arms as she ran, with the latter trying to make her body as small as possible.
At first Emilia had taken her by the hand as they ran; but being slowed down by her, she’d ended up picking her up partway through, and she’d remained like that ever since.
In fact, it was much faster this way and it strained her body far less, so it was a huge help. Even so…
Echidna: [Shouldn’t it be you who needs to save their strength? You haven’t got a clue what’s lying in wait for you, right?]
Emilia: [Huh? Oh, you don’t need to worry! Anastasia-san’s body is reaaally light, and it’s not like it’s gotten any heavier even with you in it. It’s no sweat off my back!]
Echidna: [My presence doesn’t really have anything to do with Ana’s weight… Like, not at all.]
Faced with those slightly amiss answers, Echidna looked at Emilia, rather, at the beauty of the unfamiliar half-elf as she felt the struggles within herself.
This unfamiliar half-elf was one of her companions who’d had her very “name” stolen away by the authority of “Gluttony”. Her circumstances were pretty much like Julius’, but the way she was behaving was far different compared to him. Were their intrinsic personalities different? Or was it perhaps a difference in the people who were there to support them?
Echidna: [Doesn’t it terrify you that you’ve been forgotten?]
Emilia: [It’s reaaaaally scary, and lonely. But I don’t have the time to sit down and curl up in fear, wouldn’t you think?]
Emilia gave a brutally honest reply to Echidna’s hushed question. The strength behind her change seemed like a testament of her mental fortitude, or perhaps it was down to some other factor.
Emilia had said before, “I’m not worried because Subaru remembers me.”
They’d been awfully simple words, the stuff you’d see in dreams. Yet, at the same time, they seemed to be the truth.
Echidna: […]
It wasn’t clear what made Natsuki Subaru impervious to the effects of the authority of “Gluttony”. Though strictly speaking it wasn’t like even he was completely impervious to it. In fact, hadn’t he said that the reason he’d lost his “memories” had been due to an unexpected encounter with “Gluttony”?
So Echidna couldn’t definitively say that Subaru’s specialness was the main cause behind everything that occurred. Meaning, there should have still been a certain possibility.
As in, couldn’t they have protected their “names” and “memories” somehow?
If they could have done that, then both Anastasia and Julius…
Echidna: […]
When she stopped to think about how Julius felt, having been forgotten by everyone, could anyone even blame him for faltering? Though, when she looked at Emilia’s strength after she’d been placed in the same situation, she couldn’t help but wonder what was different between the two.
The difference must have come in who was at their side. The difference must have been in who was beside them, supporting them.
Likewise, wouldn’t Julius not have collapsed if he’d had some support? And shouldn’t someone have been there like Natsuki Subaru had for Emilia?
Echidna: [What should I…]
“What should I do?” Echidna couldn’t find an answer to that question within herself.
It was so bad that she felt like this may have been the first time in her life as an empty Artificial Spirit where she’d been at such a loss with herself. 
Emilia: [Echidna?]
Echidna: […It’s nothing. More importantly, is it true? That you managed to find a way through Reid Astrea’s violence… and passed the Second Floor’s “Trial” before?] 
Emilia: [Yeah, it is. It’s reaaally hard to explain now that you’ve forgotten.]
Emilia gave her an adorable puff of her cheeks. But, the fact of the matter was, she was embarrassed by how she’d beaten the “trial” of that man, who was the very picture of “violence” itself. 
Echidna never for one moment imagined that she’d be lying in this situation. Despite only knowing her for a short time, Echidna could tell that her nature wasn’t suited to telling fibs. So everything must have been true. It’d only been for a few moments, but judging by how she’d stood up against the giant scorpion on the balcony, there was no doubt that she was quite the capable fighter.
So, the only remaining issue was…
Echidna: [So, you can find a way to fix this situation if you go up to the very top of the tower. What’s your basis for that?]
Emilia: [Subaru told me that he heard what the fifth rule was from Shaula. Plus, Subaru’s thought long and hard about this before coming up with the idea, so I’m pretty sure it’s the right way to go about things.]
Echidna: [To me that seems like an idea based on excessive blind faith, but…]
Emilia: [If you’re still full of doubts, we can address them, but I don’t think now’s the time for it… That, and didn’t you come here with me because you believe in Subaru as well?]
Echidna was lost for words as Emilia turned her crystal-clear eyes over to her. Seeing Echidna’s reaction, Emilia gave her a smile that was tinged with delight, even if it seemed a tad out of place. 
Emilia: [You see, my esteemed knight is reaaaally giving it his all for us.]
Emilia showed with her attitude that she was proud of the fact that their hard work was being appreciated. In response to that, Echidna likewise felt an odd pang of emotion. She placed her palm over Anastasia’s flat chest and breathed out a sigh.
Echidna: […]
“These sorts of emotions are dangerous”, Echidna warned herself. 
They were completely irrational and out of place. At the very least, it wasn’t something she ought to feel at a time like this. She needed to forget them if she could, and if not, then at the very least she should forget them for the time being.
Emilia: […Subaru’s relying on me!]
Echidna felt, amongst other things, envious of her. She, who believed so, so much in her companion, who was that much closer to her. 
“I need to forget this present moment and focus on overcoming the situation we’re in”, Echidna thought to herself.
Echidna: […]
Emilia’s long legs moved gracefully as she flew up the stairs. Then, after they’d climbed up what should have been quite a lot of steps, a tremendous flash of silver came into view, scattering sparks everywhere. 
With their vision now unobstructed, they saw a battle unfolding wherever they looked. With his lilac hair aflutter, and white uniform stained with blood, stood Julius Euculius.
And, the person he was up against was…
Julius: [Gh, khh…!]
???: [Whoawhoawhoawhoawhoa! Doesn’ look like ya can do anythin’ about me like that, ya prick. Don’t go underestimatin’ me, ya prick. Did ya come here to mess about? If ya wanna mess about then go put on some makeup. When ya do, I’m gonna step on ya, bully ya and ruffle ya about, ya damn prick.] 
The very embodiment of violence, Reid Astrea, let loose a nightmarish slash with the pair of chopsticks he held in his hands as he swore. He was dancing a danse macabre, with the second floor as his stage.
Theirs was a battle that transcended what humanity could fathom; even so, the fact that Julius was far inferior in strength to him was something that was so sadly obvious, that it could be grasped instantly, even to the untrained eye.  
Julius: […tch]
Dealing with the flurry of slashes and kicks coming from Reid, Julius countered by spinning his Knight Sword around and thrusting it into one of the gaps.
His sharp thrust derived from extraordinary technique seemed to be nothing more than a blur of light. Yet Reid easily avoided it with a yawn, and that was with his eyepatch blocking part of his sight.
Reid: [RRRRHAAA!!]
Julius looked on, stunned that Reid had avoided his thrust. Immediately afterwards, a casual-looking kick slammed into Julius’ torso, with the soles of his zōri digging straight into his abdominal muscles. Julius took a few steps back and let out a pained cry.
Then, a blow from one of his chopsticks dropped down towards his head…
Reid: [Get pulverised, ya prick.]
With a vertical flash, his slash, which came with a shockwave, cut through the air, space and reason itself.
His sword slash was so overwhelming that ways to even express it no longer came to their minds. It was so beautiful, that even though his weapon had been a chopstick, one couldn’t help but be captivated by it, even if they were an amateur at swordplay―― It was the pinnacle of swordplay, the very culmination of it which was what was being manifested there.
[…]
A slash so beautiful, that you would probably die from just admiring it.
Julius leapt aside, dodging it. The hem of his cloak didn’t make it in time and was swallowed by Reid’s blade, evaporating. A vertical groove was left carved into the second floor of the watchtower, which was made of unknown materials, as if it were all a jape.
And to make matters worse…
Reid: [Heyheyhey, arent’cha bein’ naive if yer thinkin’ you’ve escaped with that?]
Julius: […hk]
Giving him a mocking smile, the air he’d cut through in the room warped and bent, with a gust of wind starting to roar. 
Julius, who should have managed to jump aside, gulped, and then was instantly dragged back to his feet, as if he were being pulled back towards the torn space – back into the range of Reid’s sword slashes.
To their disbelief, this was due to the force of gravity from the torn space restoring itself. It was pulling Julius back after his narrow brush with death straight into the range of the next blow.
Reid began to throw a punch at Julius, unable to move due to what was happening…
Emilia: […That’s enough.]
A split second before he released his punch, the sound of a chiming silver bell interjected between the two swordsmen.
However, in contrast to the beautiful chime of her voice, the way she’d joined the fight was rather audacious. Echidna became lost for words, faced with that extreme spectacle in front of her.
Reid: [Haah?]
Julius: […]
Reid looked up above him, unable to conceal the suspicion in his voice. Julius on the other hand opened his eyes wide in surprise, utterly speechless.
They were looking at the strange thing that had appeared above them―― A block of ice that was so big that it covered the ceiling. 
This block of destruction that could instantly shatter even a Dragon Carriage into smithereens fell down towards the two swordsmen.
Reid and Julius’ reactions were contrastingly different. Julius leapt away to avoid the hurtling ice block, while Reid curved his lips up into a smile and laughed.
Reid: [Hah!!]
With a fierce smile on his face, Reid thrust up one of his chopsticks at the falling block of ice. His raised chopstick collided with the point of fall of the block. By some miracle, the forces between the two points stood at an equilibrium with each other, causing Reid’s chopstick to bend, but preventing its fall.
Reid stamped his zōri down firmly onto the floor; the force of it travelled through his chopstick and flowed into the ice block which was still being held up by said chopstick. A crack began to run up the block as his chopstick snapped in half.
Reid: […Now wasn’ that somethin’]
Reid spat those words out, and a split second later, the block of ice with a crack running through its centre, shattered in the blink of an eye.
Chunks of ice began to rain down, and while basking in them, Reid slowly turned himself around. Receiving the piercing gaze from his blue, uncovered eye, Emilia pointed her palm at him, with a look of resolve setting in on her face.
Their gazes crossed each other’s, causing Reid to ogle at her in surprise.
Reid: [Yer a real feisty one, ain’tcha. It’s not like I dislike women like you, but… Huh!? What the hell, ya twat, yer really damn hot ain’tcha!? One helluva smokin’ hottie! Why the hell’s there such a smokin’ hottie in the middle of this sand sea! C’mon, yer gonna be my opponent, ya twat]
Emilia: [My apologies, I didn’t mean to interrupt, but I do need to get Julius to beat you…]
Reid: [Wha?]
Emilia paid no heed to Reid’s egoistic talk, and instead continued with a troubled look appearing on her face. Reid frowned at what she had said, but Julius was the one who was far more bewildered, having just been rescued.
Though he’d managed to escape from the block of ice that Emilia had unleashed, he couldn’t hide his suspicion towards the fact that she’d suddenly appeared. Keeping himself at a distance from Reid, he turned his yellow eyes to look over at Echidna, who was standing beside her, and spoke,
Julius: [I get that she helped me, but… who on earth is she, Echidna?]
Echidna: [It’s kinda hard for me to explain her identity. But, if I may put it simply, she’s someone who’s in the same boat as you Julius.]
Julius: [What the…?]  
Julius stared at Emilia once again, with his eyes widening slightly, probably because her features coincided with a being he knew about.
Julius: [A silver-haired, amethyst eyed elf… No, I find it hard to believe that such a distinctive being would have suddenly turned up in the tower. Then, could it be that she’s…]
In light of the situation in the tower, as well as the peculiarities of her appearance, and the fact that her presence was nowhere to be found within him, Julius felt, out of his own accord, that something was not quite right.
Julius came to the answer by himself. Seeing his startled eyes, Emilia gave him a firm nod.
Emilia: [Julius, right now I know exactly how you feel.]
Julius: [Then you indeed are…]
Given that they’d both had their “names” snatched away by Gluttony, Julius immediately grasped what was going on. And as soon as he did, his conviction that Emilia was their ally appeared to grow.
He stood in front of both Echidna and Emilia, protecting them, once again pointing his sword at Reid.
Julius: [You have my thanks for helping me out earlier. But I still don’t quite get why you two have come rushing here considering what’s going on in the tower. What’s happening with the “Taygeta” library, and with Miss Rem and the situation outside?]
Echidna: [There’s an attempt underway to try and bring all these matters together so to deal with them all at once. The idea is Natsuki-kun’s, and the ones helping him with it are all of us in the tower.]
Julius: [It’s Subaru’s? But he’s…]
A puzzled frown appeared on Julius’ face as he heard Subaru’s name wedged in the middle of her explanation.
As far as he knew, Subaru should have faced Reid’s “Book of the Dead” in the “Taygeta” library, and his consciousness should have been in a state of disarray from his return. Beatrice had told him that his return had been difficult, thus, Julius had continued to fight against Reid so that they could overcome the turmoil in the tower in his own way.
Therefore, even if she was saying Subaru had woken up and came up with this idea, you could say it was only natural that there was no real link between spontaneity and recognition. Nevertheless…
Reid: [I haven’ got anythin’ against y’all gettin’ all chummy with each other, but don’t ya pricks go jabberin’ away while ignorin’ me!]
The floor exploded with a loud bang, resulting in Julius receiving a blow from the intruding Reid’s chopstick. Although he’d lost one chopstick, he still had another one left. And it wasn’t like he had to use them. Even if he just fought empty handed, it wasn’t like his strength was going to diminish.
Julius: [Kh!]
While buffeted by Reid’s sharp attacks, Julius rallied himself and focused on keeping his desperate defence up. Seeing that, Reid unleashed a blow with one of his hands that could have literally felled even a dragon. At the same time, he stuck out his spare hand at Emilia as she searched for an opening, thrusting his fingers out at her.
Reid: [I ain’t got a clue what yer tryin’ to pull off, but I don’t think I’m gonna let you do as ya please, ya twat. I’m gonna be your opponent after I’m done dealing with this novice… Huh?]
Reid abruptly tilted his head in doubt mid-sentence. He then brought his fingers of his spare hand to his eyepatched left eye and spat out a venomous tirade of: [HeyHeyHeyHey]’s.
Reid: [The hell, ya twat. For some reason my hand ain’t movin’ to stop ya. Unless I’ve like suddenly become smitten by ya… No way, ya must have passed the “Trial”!]  
Emilia: [Yeah, I did! You lost because you touched my chest with your chopsticks!]
Reid: [Kah! Now that’s one way of losing that I can really get behind! What a huge waste that I can’t even remember it, ya smokin’ hottie!]  
Reid clucked his tongue. His words indicated that there was some shackle on him that wouldn’t let him stop Emilia. In other words, it meant that the obstruction standing in between her and her duty was now gone.
Emilia: [Julius, I…]
Julius: [You may go my lovely lady; you, who like me, are of unknown name.]
Turning only his head around, he interrupted Emilia as she was about to say something. Seeing his Knight Sword now held at the ready again, Emilia kept her silence at his words.
Seeing the surprise on her face, Julius gave her a gallant smile,
Julius: [You have your duty to carry out. I know it’s something I won’t be able to help you with, but that’s fine with me. ――I pray everything goes well.]
Emilia: […Yeah, for you too!]
Receiving Julius’ encouragement, Emilia nodded at him and then broke out into a run. Reid didn’t make any attempt at stopping her. The one-eyed red lion let her pass by him and saw her off.
Then, as Emilia reached the front of the staircase in the innermost part of the second floor that would lead the way up, she stopped in her tracks and turned around,
Emilia: [It’s Emilia.]
Julius: […]
Emilia: [My name is Emilia, just Emilia. ――I’ll definitely see you again later!]
Leaving her name behind, Emilia ran up the stairs with an air of elegance about her. Echidna let out a long, long sigh as she watched her disappear from sight.
From here on out, Emilia’s duty was to head to the top. So, Echidna’s duty was to…
Julius: [You’re not going anywhere? Are you planning on watching me fight?]
Echidna: [Only if you’ll let me do so… Well, no, I suppose not. I’m the one who’s decided to do that.]
Julius: […]
Julius glanced towards Echidna, who was standing by the wall, and then pursed his lips together. She took a quick gasp of air as she witnessed all kinds of emotions flitting across the profile of his face.
Echidna: [It’s not like I can do anything, but if Ana were here, she would have probably done this. No matter where I am in this tower, I will always be subject to danger. Given that, I shall stand behind you out of my own volition. Because…]
Julius: […]
Echidna: […Because you are Anastasia Hoshin’s knight. Isn’t that right?]
It took a tremendous amount of courage to believe in something that didn’t feel real.
It was nigh impossible to grasp just how much strength it took to believe in something that had no concrete basis, to the point that it would make her feel relieved; at least when compared to believing in something that was actually tangible.
Regardless, Echidna spoke those words to the man before her eyes, his back facing away from her, while believing in that uncertainty.
Julius: […]
Julius lowered his long-lashed eyes in response and softly let out a deep, long sigh.
Julius: [You’re able to give me more strength than you give yourself credit for. Merely from the fact that someone went and summoned their courage to believe, and hold expectations, in a me who may not be anyone anymore.]
Echidna: [Julius…] 
For Julius, the footing he’d lost had become uncertain.
For Echidna, the bonds which she was supposed to know had become ambiguous.
The two of them had to rely on something so shaky to build this relationship which altogether differed to the one that they should have been bound by. Nevertheless, at this very moment, the two of them must have surely been seeing the same thing.
So for that reason…
Echidna: […Julius, I have a message for you.]
Julius: [A message?]
Echidna: [Yeah. Everyone’s fighting all over the tower, so… he said to “Hurry your ass and settle things here, then come help the others”]
Julius: […]
Echidna could tell that this was his kind of encouragement, thus she conveyed it to him exactly as she’d heard. Julius’ slender shoulders tensed slightly after he heard it.
He digested the contents of the message and took it on board. His response following it was loud and clear.
Julius: [Hah]
It almost seemed like he’d let out a short, sharp gasp of air, but it wasn’t like that at all.
He’d let out a laugh. He’d breathed out a single gasp of air from the pit of his stomach to wheeze out that laugh. 
The fact that Julius Euculius was facing battle with a smile on his face would have been a thing to marvel about, had there been anyone here who knew Julius.
Julius: […If he’s broken out of his shell, then I mustn’t lose here either.]
His expression of determination was quiet, yet full of hidden zeal. 
Julius raised his Knight Sword in front of him and faced his foe, reflecting himself in his blade. Reid had been lodging a bored look on his face for a while… But now, he was grinning like a shark.
Reid: [Ya really kicked into gear, didn’t ya, ya prick.]
Julius: [Pardon me, but when it comes to fighting, I always take it seriously.]
Reid: [Nono, that ain’t what I mean. You get it right? Even if I don’t spell it out for ya, ya prick.]
Reid lifted his left hand up with a grin still plastered on his face. He flipped his eyepatch up and uncovered his eye. Thus, with his perfectly functioning blue eyes, the peak of all swordsmen pointed his cheerful murderous intent towards his challenger. 
His sword spirit was so formidable that anyone faint of heart would have been killed by the glint in his eyes alone. However, Julius met that sharp glint of his head-on, and Echidna behind him likewise braced herself and endured it. 
Seeing the two of them endure the raging storm of his sword spirit, Reid loudly clacked his fangs together.
Reid: [I am the “Stick Swinger” Reid. Remember only my name, before you disappear.]
Julius: […]
Exchanging one’s name in battle before crossing swords was a sign of recognising a warrior as their equal. There was no knowing how much Reid really cared about that norm, but regardless of what he thought, the considerations of the person who’d basked in that had changed dramatically. 
Julius took a breath and prepared himself, stilling his raging heart.
Julius: [I shall give you my name once again. I am Julius Euculius. One and only knight to Anastasia Hoshin-sama, who stands as a Royal Selection Candidate in the Kingdom of Lugunica. ――It’s time for me to give up acting the part of a nameless knight.]
He magnificently proclaimed his “name” so that it would be engraved in both he, and the world itself.
  　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　△▼△▼△▼△
  Leaving behind Julius and Echidna downstairs, Emilia continued to run up the steps.
Her long legs were moving as fast as she could muster, skipping up the stairs two or three steps at a time. Though the speed she was going at was inordinate, her own thoughts were screaming at her to go faster and faster.
Emilia: […gnh]
Emilia strongly gritted her teeth; a look of desperation was adorning her beautiful face in profile.
She was worried about the two she’d left behind downstairs on the second floor. Reid was extremely strong, foulmouthed and a thug to boot. The two of them could easily get hurt both physically and mentally dealing with him.
Naturally Emilia’s worries didn’t just stop at Julius and Echidna. Would Subaru, Beatrice and Meili manage to keep Shaula in check? Would Ram be able to play her part too? Would Patrasche keep guard over Rem? 
Her anxieties, such as whether she was going to have to rebuild all her relationships from scratch with her “name” eaten, were never-ending. She felt like she was going to burst into tears if she took a moment to stop.
However, she didn’t stop. She didn’t shed any tears either. She endured the tingling-sensation at the back of her throat.
Emilia: [Nothing is over yet after all…!]
The fact that they believed in her, and that they were able to believe in her, was what was propping Emilia’s entirety up right now. 
She was full of worries, brimming with anxiety, but she was also full of “I believe in you”’s, which trumped over those emotions.
Emilia: […hk! There’s a light!]
As she continued to pour her heart and soul in running up the stairs, Emilia’s amethyst eyes caught a glimpse of a white glow at the far end of her field of view. She realised that it was coming from the end of this extremely long staircase, and that it would lead to the unknown first floor.
The moment she comprehended that, she firmly kicked off from the floor and sped up even more.
Then, finally…
Emilia: […I made it out!]
Emilia broke through into the light, where the staircase had ended in front of her. What unfurled itself before her eyes that instant wasn’t an area that you could call a “floor”.
Emilia: [Huh…?]
Emilia stopped in her tracks, completely flabbergasted, and unintentionally let out her surprise at the scene she was faced with. Reflected in her amethyst eyes, was not the next part of the familiar watchtower she’d come to expect.
The walls had disappeared, as had the ceiling; spread out all around her lay the vibrant blue sky―― Emilia wasn’t standing inside the building, but rather, she was outside. She’d ended up emerging right on the rooftop at the top of the tower after running up the second floor’s stairs.
Emilia: [The first floor’s outside…? This place is up even higher than the clouds…]
There was a vast, circular floor at the summit of the tower with no other partitions or anything that looked like a handrail at its edge. Therefore, she could easily look down below by going over to the edge of the floor.
Clouds which should have been far above in the sky were brushing against the tower. Emilia’s breath caught as she realised she’d come all the way up to the clouds, or was even above them.
It was the first time Emilia had ever come to a place as high as this. However, despite receiving such a shock, she was quickly distracted by another profound emotion.
???: […]
…There was a presence there, that she hadn’t been able to notice on account of how still and grand it kept itself.
Emilia: […Ah]
Emilia had been busy looking at stuff like where she was, the height of the clouds and what the situation was like on the first floor. She’d been late in noticing the being that had swept past the corner of her eyes. She slowly turned around and let out a large gasp.
Even though Emilia had almost fallen into despair from being forgotten by the world with her “name” being taken from her, her heart had still stood firm in the end. ――But even that Emilia was lost for words in sheer awe.
The “being” that had appeared before her eyes was utterly beyond the pale of her imagination.
Because that being was…
Emilia: [You’re…]
???: [――Thou, who hath reached the top of the tower. Step forth through the first floor, almighty petitioner.]
Its voice was solemn, and it felt like it was being roared directly into her soul. She realised that her voice was trembling. 
Was there anyone who could fault Emilia and call her weak-minded? No one would be able to. It would be impossible. Because all living creatures had no choice but to prostrate themselves before this being.
Because this being’s name was…
???: [――I, am Volcanica. In accordance with the ancient covenant, I ask the will of thee who hath reached the summit.]
With his huge body covered in glittering blue scales, the “Divine Dragon” Volcanica looked down upon Emilia and declared that while exerting a presence that seemed like it would blow even her very soul out of existence. 
  　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　△▼△▼△▼△
  Outside of the tower, commenced the battle of Shaula, who had transformed into the titanic scorpion, against Subaru and the rest.
In the second floor of the tower, the sword play of the grinning wielder of violence, Reid Astrea and Julius reopened.
On the first floor of the tower, Emilia achieved an unforeseen encounter with the mighty existence awaiting there.
And, on the spiral staircase connecting the fourth floor and sixth floor of the towerーー,
???: [A~h, damn it ~tsu! Even after stealing it and everything, it just feels like not having put it to decent use, doesn’t it, gee~z us!]
Spitting away in irritation, the young boy clicked his tongue whilst tearing at his dark brown hair. Upon swinging down the hand scratching his head, what had been generated therein was a beautiful, ornate sword shaped with ice.
With the stolen “Name” as the foundation, it was a special power which he had reconstructed, but contrary to its appearance its regulation of Mana was exquisitely arduous, and was quite difficult to use jointly with other “Memories”. In the first place, combining the skills of multiple others required a suitable sense, and that was something which Roy and Louis were maladroit at.
???: [We~ll, it’s because we excel in it that we are so able, but you kno~w.]
Even within the trio of siblings possessing the Authority of ”Gluttony”, each one’s way of using the Authority subtly differed. Amongst them, as one who took pride in being “Gourmet”, the points he would like to object to in his younger brother and sister’s ways weren’t few. ーーFortes connected to sense of superiority. Though something like advice, was unbefitting of him.
???: [The message won’t get across to dear cute Louis, or that chap Roy…… a~h, it can’t be helped ~tsu! If the two of them are saying they can’t do anything then it can’t be helped! That means that we can thoroughly lick the feasts present inside this tower down to the roots ~tsu! How nice, so nice, quite nice, very nice, as it’s nice, it certainly is nice, surely it is nice, surely it must be nice, as it must be nice! Gluttonous drinking ~tsu! Gluttony ~tsu!]
Crunching the sword of ice in his hand, with his sharp fangs unraveled, “Gluttony” ーー Ley Batenkaitos decided to itemize all of the targets inside the tower for his own platter, without leaving a single one.
Fortunately, the situation had been served. What remained was to simply select the order, and what was to be the main courseーー,
???: [ーーDo you think you have the privilege to be choosing that? How very easygoing.]
Ley: [ーーーー]
Upon the voice descending from the top of the spiral staircase, Ley seized chewing the ice, and raised his head. Overhead, on the fourth floor were light crimson eyes looking at Ley, who was standing on the staircase between the fourth floor and the fifth floor.
With the same hue as blood or blaze, eyes with terribly icy heat, were looking down upon Ley’s ferocious hunger as if pitying.
Andーー,
  Ram: [From what was said, it seems you were the one who tore apart Ram and Rem’s sisterly love, isn’t it. ーーKindly die whilst baying like a pig.]

          ※ ※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※


Chapter 81
ーーIt was the scent of rage.
Fragrant, rich, it was the scent of highly pure rage. Prodigiously churning this slender, petite body, he understood that it would uplift it to greater heights.
Ley: “Haha~ ~tsu!”
Facing each other from the upper and lower ends of the spiral staircase, Batenkaitos laughed with sadness and gloom upon Ram’s caustic remark.
The young girl with potent emotions conceived in her light crimson eyes, breathing in the resentment and hatred she directed towards him, Batenkaitos tasted ecstacy.
Should he state without giving much thought to selecting the wording, saying that this one breath was what he was living for wouldn’t be an exaggeration.
Ley: “How nice, so nice, quite nice, very nice, as it’s nice, isn’t it nice. As there normally aren’t any people who’d face us with such an enraged expression, you see~. It sure is a really valuable feeling, isn’t i~t. Do you understand? We wonder if you do understa~nd, the delight which we’re feeling right now!”
Stepping on the ground upon expressing the vivifying emotion, Batenkaitos licked his lips.
Yes, this emotion and encounter, was something Batenkaitos normally couldn’t ever hope for.
The『Memories』and『Names』stolen through the Authority of『Gluttony』got disengaged from the world, and with the exception of Roy and Louis, it became impossible for anyone to even be cognizant of them.
The grief of having lost someone precious, the rage of hesitation, the hollow sense of loss, anything and everything got evanesced entirely, beyond all help.
Ley: “So naturally, that’s a matter of course. That’s why, we’ve never minded it, you see~.”
Whenever he operated as a member of the much-loathed Witch Cult, on copious occasions would he meet humans who directed their hatred towards his affiliation. However, never had there been one who knew of Ley Batenkaitos’ deeds, who harboured hatred for Ley Batenkaitos individually, who aimed to kill Ley Batenkaitos specifically.
That natural divine providence brought forth by the Authority of『Gluttony』, that obvious unwritten law, had been overruled.
ーーWith the emergence of an outsider, who did not sustain the effects of the Authority of『Gluttony』.
Ley: “Natsuki Subaru…… ~tsu!”
Whispering the name of the man Louis had been attached to, Batenkaitos attained a sweet ache in the depths of his slim chest. It was not as if he had taken influence by Louis. He had known about him, even prior to that.
He had been thinking of him, powerfully, profoundly, far earlier than even Louis.
That beingーー,
Ley: “ーーNee-sama, will also understand, ri~ght?”
The connection between the origin of this sweet ache in his chest, and the young girl looking down towards him was deep. ーーNo, not merely deep. Two hearts that beat as one, irreplaceable individuals, saying that they were the other halves of each other would be unobjectionable as well.
Thus, she would surely understand. These sweet, fleeting, far too mighty emotions. This sensation, blended with both love and hate, and the ache within the chest longing for release.
That is why, he addressed with half of his mouth open, pouring in that conviction and expectationーー,
Ram: “Ram’s already told you. ーーTo kindly die whilst baying like a pig.”
Ley: “ーー~hk!”
The subsequent instant, Ram’s first move as she flew down after kicking the staircase, made Ley jump far backwards.
He had narrowly managed to draw his body back, but the fine point of the wand being pointed out was accurately aiming for his right eye. Should he be slow in pulling back his head, it shall ransack his brain through the eyeball.
Ley: “Geez, nee-sama is mercile~ss! Had we eaten this one just now, forget about imitating the bay of a pig, we would’ve died unable to do anything ~tsu!”
Ram: “Ram has reconsidered. If you were made to imitate something below the standard of a pig, then it’ll surely be a real affront for the pig as well.”
Flying through the spiral staircase, his landing was delayed solely due to the difference in the levels of stairs. Whilst apprising her chilling intent to kill, Ram’s furious assault waged a pursuit of fierce vigour towards Batenkaitos.
Whilst gyrating her slim figure, Ram pointed out her wand, fired a kick, drilled in a shot of the elbow. Batenkaitos dodged them entirely through the handling of his body, but things like the hit which had grazed past his ear certainly possessed the vigour that upon a single hit, would certainly lead to loss of faculty of that part of the body.
Ley: “Haha ~tsu! Scary scary! It’s scary though you kno~w!”
Batenkaitos laughed whilst using his body to evade the unhesitating strikes in pursuit of him. That wasn’t flexibility, but exaltation. ーーNo, slight flexibility as well.
Ram’s martial arts were quite something. Lacking all forgiveness, she possessed no faltering in her aim to kill. Yet, Batenkaitos dodged with leisure and ease. The reason for that was quite simple.
Ley: “We already pro~perly know, that nee-sama is more amazing, you see~.”
The multitude of『Memories』terminated and packed together within Batenkaitos. Within them was a passionate one which adored Ram as an elder sister, which yearned for her infinite potential.
The untiring trust and expectation towards Ram which those『Memories』were endowed with, conveyed their contrast with the Ram before his eyes, nearly to a sorrowful extent, to Batenkaitos.
To summarizeーー,
Ley: “ーーNee-sama without her horn, is nothing but a counterfeit which even Rem can substitute for, isn’t that ri~ght.”
Ram: “ーーーー”
Ley: “Ah, did you get angry? Have you gotten angry? If you want to get angry then you can get angry perfectly fine, nee-sama. Now that we think of it, we’ve never even had a proper sisterly quarrel before, you kno~w.”
Batenkaitos set forth the reminiscences as if a belonging of his own. Though Ram’s cheeks stiffened in reaction to his speech and conduct, her attacks did not slacken.
Batenkaitos admiringly thought within his innermost heart, that she was really quite pushing herself. It was famously known that Onis who lost their horns lost their bodily control, though it was unclear how much anguish it entailed. Ram had also been continually tormented due to that penalty.
It was unknown just how many times the thought of wanting to take over her pain had come to mind.
However, alongside that also came another thought. ーーThat oneself wouldn’t be able to endure the anguish she bore.
If the agony of losing the horn depended on the strength that Oni originally possessed, then Ram must have the greatest in that regard, which no other Oni in the world could share.
Thus, commendation to her onrushing form by way of her own determination, through that compelling anguish. And, gratitude to her earnest wolfing stance, with an unruffled facial expression.
With the ripening of the greatest, supreme, premier flavour, to simply whom should he express his delight for being witness to the moment the rich aroma arose, he did not know.
ーーHe hailed gratitude and admiration, toward the miracle of happening across this gourmet delicacy.
Ley: “Truly ~tsu! Nee-sama is so wonderful ~tsu!!”
A murderous dance blended with love and hate unfolded on the spiral staircase. Whilst tasting that to his heart’s content, Batenkaitos blessed Ram’s existence.
And, tilting his body, turning over, stooping down, dodging as per the『Memories』craved,
Ley: “Now with a ta da, time for a counterattaーー”
Ram: “How truly noisy.”
Surrounding Ram whilst she pointed out her wand, Batenkaitos aimed for her fair neck. His side which had gotten into her undisputable blind spot, and Ram’s line of sight entangled when she turned around.
At that single moment, feeling intimidated, Batenkaitos interrupted the strike and flew in evasion and escaped. However, the instant after wind grazed past his right cheek, he felt blood starting to drip out.
Ley: “ーー~tsu.”
Tracing his cut cheek with his hand, Batenkaitos inhaled faintly.
It was a wound he wasn’t supposed to sustain. At the very least, the『Memories』present within Batenkaitosーー if he were to abide by the existence who best knew the prodigy Ram, then there didn’t exist a future where he should’ve sustained this wound.
Yetーー,
Ram: “Though Ram told you to bay disgracefully, an unsightly opponent’s voice is also rough to hear. Ram doesn’t intend to keep you company any longer, so you’re getting killed.”
Ley: “Nee-sama, this is……”
Ram: “If you had been evaluating Ram relying on the『Memories』, then your evaluation is yet too naive.”
Looking at Batenkaitos after he stained his cheek with blood by his hand, Ram gently brushed her pink hair. With her dreadfully cold sidelong glance towards this side,
Ram: “Were you intending to bring out Ram’s true colours? If that’s the case then that is quite laughable. ーーRam’s potential is infinite. After all”
Ley: “ーーーー”
Ram: “ーーRam is, Rem’s nee-sama.”
A baseless, careless remark, the reason why it echoed with such extraordinary convincibility was because that is how the『Memories』, present within nobody but Batenkaitos, had captured the existence of their elder sister.
Recognising that reality, Batenkaitos erased his smile and distorted his cheeks in annoyance.
Boring. Uninteresting. She doesn’t get it.
Ley: “Both rage and hatred, are spices for enhancing flavours. But, if the taste of the spices is too strong, if it asserts itself too powerfully, then even that platter goes to waste. Guess nee-sama, who doesn’t cook, would be completely clueless about these customs, hu~h?”
Ram: “That’s not true. There’s nothing to hide, Ram’s special dish is steamed potatoes after all.”
The『Memories』which had vivid recollection of that resuscitated, and his stomach growled.
Intentionally ignoring that call of the sense of emptiness and hunger in his stomach, Batenkaitos casted his mood to play around aside.
Ram was still yet to demonstrate the true worth of her strength. In other words, that meant naught but that she hadn’t revealed everything even to the younger sister who was physically quite similar to her.
In other wordsーー,
Ley: “ーーNee-sama, won’t trust even her little sister, talk about the ultimate individualism, isn’t i~t.”
Ram: “……What a superficial way of understanding things. Ram doesn’t know how many human lives you have tasted, but even those people don’t come to mind. Everything aside from Rem is trifle.”
Repudiating Batenkaitos’ outlook on meals, Ram straitened her light crimson eyes.
And, whilst caressing her own slim chest,
Ram: “Kindly exert yourself as much as you can, Barusu.”
Calling out to the young boy not present here, extraordinary determination levitated across her cold expression.
Ram: “Though something like collective destiny, makes one shiver.”
  △▼△▼△▼△
  He took a deep inhale, with a cloth covering his mouth protecting him from swallowing the sand.
If he were to be honest then he would’ve preferred to have goggles as well, but that would be a hope too high. Prepared to have grains of sand fly into his eyeballs, he had no choice but simply be careful about his eyes within the vortex of the sandy whirlwind.
Subaru: “Beako! Meili! We’ve gotta pull through!”
Beatrice: “Betty knows, in fact!”
Meili: “Geez, you really don’t know how to treat people~!”
The one traversing through his field of vision blurred by the sand, was a fiendish existence clad in a jet black shell.
Approaching closer, and taking a single attack by its great pincers meant forfeiting life. Taking distance, and should it succeed in its efforts to fire its tail stinger meant forfeiting life. There were multiple other conditions of forfeiting life as well.
In terms of simply conditions of defeat, there existed more than plenty, that is what their situation was presently.
Subaru: “With that being said, that’s what always happens……!”
Natsuki Subaru’s battles were a series of continued tightrope walks.
The reason why he suffocated despite knowing the future through『Return by Death』was because of the abilities he could possess, and the sheer magnitude of the enemies he confronted never allowed him to counterbalance.
Lacking cards to play was his omnipresent scenario. Whilst trusting everyone’s strength, expecting that they’d adapt to the situations’ requirements and fight, Subaru himself struggled hard, a befitting answer to everyone’s expectations of him.
Subaru: “Rather than a fight of my own, this, is a fight of my wonderful comrades!”
Meili: “Is this really the situation to say tha~t!? Geez! Do your best, Hungry Horse King-chan!”
Receiving Subaru’s baloneous yell, Meili, who was racing right next to him, issued orders to the Witch Beastsーー Hungry Horse Kings.
The Witch Beasts akin to centaurs screeched like the cry of a child, and two of them carrying Subaru and Beatrice, and Meili respectively rushed through the sea of sand.
And, the one in pursuit of their backs as they fiercely kicked the sand, was the titanic scorpion as it scratched the sand with its several legs and gave a rise to a cloud of dust, resuming its hounding.
“ーー~Bishaaan!”
Just as his instinct had told him earlier, should they distance themselves then the tail stinger, should they approach closer then the enormous pincers, shall come for their lives. Whilst keeping a distance neither too close nor too far, they coped with the enemy’s attacks.
Compared to the conditions of defeat he had listed, the sole condition for victory permitted to them was a change at the extremity of stalemate. It referred to Emilia capturing the first layer of the tower, and the rewriting of the cited rules.
As a matter of fact, he hadn’t even confirmed whether that was an actual possibilityーー,
Beatrice: “If that’s not possible, then it’ll be strange to have that included in the tower’s rules in the first place, I suppose.”
Subaru: “Exactly, Beako. Going out of their way and having “you can also destroy the rules” included in the rules means that the rules are premised on the fact that they’ll be destroyed.”
And if that was a possibility, then it was perhaps a reward given to the one who captured the tower. Should that be considered, then it was a right given only to the one who had cleared everything with proper means.
It was an immense relief that Emilia had entirely broken through Reid. Had she not been victorious, then the means to save Shaula perhaps wouldn’t have even grazed past his hands.
Subaru: “Though I’ll never forgive him for sexually harassing Emilia-tan……!”
Though it was a happening infuriating to even look back on, Julius had been charged with retribution when it came to Reid.
Expecting that he shall fully overwhelm that violent man, Subaru caught the enormous sand tower within his field of vision and entrusted himself to the fierce struggle Beatrice and Meili were putting up.
Meili: “Onii-san! It isn’t easy to move around in this spot! I think it’ll be easier for the Witch Beast-chan’s to rampage about in a place further away from the towe~r!?”
Subaru: “Gh……! I get what you’re saying! I get it but, no! I won’t get away from the tower. If I get any further away, then I’ll lose grasp!”
Rejecting Meili’s appeal, Subaru gnashed his molars whilst grabbing his chest.『Cor Leonis’』efficacy resumed, and the locations of his comrades within the tower were still within his sphere of grasp, in the form of fleeting lights. However, he did not know for what possible cause this Authority, with yet far too many uncertain facets, may come undone.
In terms of the Authority’s efficiency, what was the easiest to perceive was indeed distance.
In reality, Subaru did not know the locations of his comrades outside of the Augria Sand Dunes. If that was due to distance, then it was unknown how far he could get away from the tower.
He was afraid of losing the ability to confirm the locations as well as the well-being of his comrades.
However, the greatest issue was not their well-being but losing the ability to shoulder their burden. It was a matter of course that Emilia or Julius had exposed their bodies to grave battles, but what further had an eagle grip on Subaru’s heart was Ram, who was out for vengeance.
“ーーーー”
Though he was confident that he had deployed his comrades to their respective utmost suitable positions, he had anticipated from the very beginning that even amongst them all, Ram’s fight would become particularly dire. That’s because her opponent was Ley Batenkaitosーー the originator of turning Rem into a『Sleeping Beauty』, and Ram’s own condition.
Ram must be in perfect shape and form, otherwise she shan’t be able to oppose Ley Batenkaitos.
On top of that, he wished for Ram to beat Batenkaitos down to her heart’s content. For that purpose, Subaru was required to shoulder the burden she consistently suffered.
That is precisely whyーー,
Subaru: “I can’t just thoughtlessly get away from the tower! Sorry for being a handicap, but please compromise!”
Meili: “hk! This is, absolutely definitely going to come back to bite you later!”
Rounding her lips upon Subaru’s call, Meili shouted with a red face atop of the Hungry Horse King’s back.
At the same pace, the young girl glared towards the sky and clapped her hands towards the existences circling around in the blue, cloudless sky.
Meili: “Winged Mole-chan’s! It’s show ti~me!”
Receiving the shrill command, the tiny shadows soaring in the sky swooped down towards the sand sea. Seeing they were aiming for the titanic scorpion atop the sand, Subaru instantly shouted “Beako!”
Subaru: “Match in with them!”
Beatrice: “Betty knows, in fact! “Vita”!!”
Presuming Subaru’s aim, Beatrice put up her tiny palm towards the sky.
The chant’s effect was invoked, however, the aim wasn’t towards the titanic scorpion, but towards the Winged Moles which had their eyes set on the titanic scorpion.
In the course of the descending Winged Moles, there was a loop of pale light producedーー the moment the Winged Moles passed through that loop, the small-sized Witch Beasts accelerated, clad in light.
“ーーーー”
The piercing strike drilled into the outer shell of the titanic scorpion, giving rise to a violent note.
The titanic scorpion, which had been accepting the battlecries of the Winged Moles like gentle breeze until now, stopped its multiple legs upon the direct hit possessing unignorable might.
Meili: “What was that, just now…… Beatrice-chan, what did you do?”
Beatrice: “Made your Witch Beasts heavy right before they collided, I suppose. Their speed or solidity won’t change, but the result changes with a simple increase in weight, in fact.”
Beatrice responded to Meili’s astonishment.
That was the answer to the reason behind the sudden enhancement of the Winged Moles. ーーStrength was a mix of weight and velocity.
Winged Moles navigated underground using their potent horns, the risky assault of the Witch Beasts which flew about in the sky and the underground at will decisively halted the steps of the titanic scorpion with unbelievable destructiveness.
The titanic scorpion’s defensive capability was quite impressive, but it wasn’t able to completely defend an attack it was witnessing for the first time. And, in order to surpass that reflective defence capability, Subaru fully rotated his head.
Subaru: “I feel bad for the Witch Beasts, but it’s a trade-off between life and time. There’s plenty of quantity and varieties of Witch Beasts that can be used, with Beako’s assistance the possibilities are infinite……! This wayーー”
They can succeed, that definite response made Subaru clench his fist and Beatrice’s hair. Beatrice raised her voice in protest, saying “It hurts, I suppose!”. ーーThat was the instant.
Subaru: “ーーAh?”
With the plan to buy as much time as possible, Subaru spilled out a voice whilst looking up towards the watchtower.
Hearing his vacant voice, Beatrice turned around saying “Subaru?”, but he remained unable to respond.
What was brought to Subaru’s consciousness, was not the visible exterior of the watchtower, but its interiorーー the interior of the tower whereby he could sense fleeting lights at various locations, the reason was the responses of his comrades.
Likely, it appeared each one of them must be engaged in vehement battles, amongst them a single one’s response vanished. ーーThe response of Emilia, who was heading to the top.
“ーーーー”
That moment, Subaru’s heart throbbed so intensely as if it had come detached.
The reality that Emilia’s response had vanished threw Subaru into a state of chaos. What if, within the couple of moments just now, Emilia had been lostーー,
Subaru: “ーー~hk, Calm down, bloody bastard.”
He halted his vision from blackening through a reprimand of his own.
This was far too early to despair about the reality. He needed to trust『Cor Leonis’』ability more. Though its origin was from the worst kind of a man, but now that it had blossomed, this Authority was an ally.
Based on the responses of『Cor Leonis』until now, it could be assumed that the intensity of the fleeting lights’ warmth and movement conveyed the status of his allies.
When they became violently worked up, the colours or intensity of the lights changed.
Then, did the disappearance of Emilia’s response refer to her『Death』.
Subaru: “If that’s the case, then the rate at which the response disappeared happened way too instantly.”
If it were to be assumed that Emilia encountered an enemy so fearsome it was able to extinguish her existence in a single instant, even if she had fallen into its hands, he couldn’t imagine her being taken out without resistance.
He couldn’t imagine, neither did he want to. He had belief. That’s why, the problem perhaps lied somewhere else.
Rushing up the watchtower, Emilia had headed for the first layer, and something had happened which made her body go out of the range of『Cor Leonis’』influence.
Thus, in but a single instant, Emilia’s response disappeared from Subaru’s perception.
He must believe so, otherwiseーー,
Beatrice: “Subaru!”
Meili: “Onii-san! This is no time to space ou~t!”
Gnashing his molars and gums, Subaru kept himself in check through pain as the two young ladies called out to him.
Hearing them, Subaru responded with “I know” such that both himself and they could hear it,
Subaru: “I have no idea, whom she may have to confront and where. But I believe, that she will make her way back.”
  △▼△▼△▼△
  ーーAt the same time as when Subaru had pronounced words of prayer, far below on the sand.
Though Subaru said that he did not know whom she may have to confront, there was no way that even Subaru’s imagination could’ve predicted the situation Emilia had been placed in.
Abiding by Subaru’s command, Emilia had headed to the first layer in order to rewrite the rules of Pleiades Watchtowerーー what she encountered was a blue, shimmering, gargantuan existence clad in scales.
An existence whose name, nobody was unaware of in this Kingdom of Lugnicaーー no, in the entire world.
If the『Witch of Envy』was regarded as the symbol of fear, then it was the befitting symbol of hope and faith. For this existence had continued to accumulate meritorious deeds of such scale for the world.
The name of that gargantuan and great existenceーー,
Emilia: “ーー『Divine Dragon』Volcanica.”
Ruminating the name it had given for itself, Emilia felt her entire body colden.
Though a strange thing to say, Emilia’s predisposition was entirely detached from nervousness. Though of course she felt her body be heavier when she had to stand in front of people or when she had to talk about something crucial, but upon undertaking practical action she immediately forgot about their effects.
On multiple occasions she had been praised by Subaru or Ram for having that impressive quality.
However, despite possessing that impressive quality, Emilia’s physical movement ceased completely before the『Divine Dragon』.
Such that she felt she couldn’t take even a single breath without the opponent’s permission. To such an extent, the presence of the true dragon was projected, and had its grasp on the world.
“ーーーー”
Whilst inhaling, Emilia once again glanced at Volcanica’s frame.
Scales with a deep tinge of blue were shimmering like jewels, and every single one of them appeared to have been tempered thoroughly, as if sharper than any treasured sword.
Its forelimbs and hindlimbs were endowed with black claws akin to stone, its face, similar to that of a Ground Dragon, gave the impression of having lived for long, and a pair of golden eyes that had witnessed an unfathomable amount of time. On its head were two enormous horns, white like a noble’s milk.
The『Divine Dragon’s』stature was likely about fifteen or sixteen metres in height. Since it wasn’t standing, had its wings and tail folded, its exact enormity couldn’t be determined. But despite that it was this gargantuan, a matter of course that it couldn’t be fit inside the tower.
It was unquestionable that the first layer had been constructed in an open location because of Volcanica.
Emilia: “……The third layer was the『Sage』, the second layer was Reid, and the first layer is Volcanica.”
Volcanica: [ーーーー]
Emilia: “Could it be, that all three heroes of the great antiquity, are involved in the tower’s『Trials』?”
Looking back onto the『Trials』until how, Emilia discovered a similitude between them.
『The Three Heroes』ーー they had formerly made efforts in the sealing of the『Witch of Envy』, and were three heroic figures engraved into the history of the Kingdom of Lugnica. Those being Shaula, Reid, and Volcanica.
Furthermore, Shaula had stated that it was actually an achievement of Flugel’s, Reid was incredibly violent and talked crudely, and Volcanica was not a person but a dragon.
But if they were yet connected in this place, thenーー,
Emilia: “To still be friends after so many centuries, that’s rea~lly wonderful.”
Emilia thought it was a very wonderful thing if something like commitment or unity, had tied the three heroic figures together.
On top of that, Volcanica was the existence who had pledged a covenant with the Kingdom of Lugnica, and as a matter of fact, when a black dragon had been rampaging within the Kingdom of Lugnica multiple decades ago, it had been recorded that it possessed extraordinary power.
Emilia, loved those who viewed promises as important.
She believed that upholding promises was a very nice thing. She cherished Subaru and trusted him, but she believed his characteristic of not upholding promises was no good.
What if Beatrice started imitating him.
Neither did Emilia wish to scold Subaru and Beatrice for breaking promises.
Emilia: “Ah, woops. This is no time to be thinking all that…… Um, Volcanica! I came here to take the『Trial』! The『Trial』of the first layer! I’ll tackle it!”
Volcanica: [ーーーー]
Emilia: “I don’t know how tough a『Trial』it will be…… but, I ask of you to hurry! I must hurry or Subaru and the others will be in trouble. Whatever it may be, bring it on!”
Striking her cheeks with her hands, Emilia reorganized her cowering emotions.
Without even planning so, thinking about Subaru and Beatrice made the root for that. Even if they were to be scolded by Emilia for breaking promises, that was speaking of a distant tomorrow, a distant future.
In order to come face to face with that future, Emilia needed to stand firm here.
Volcanica: [ーーーー]
The silent『Divine Dragon』was intently watching Emilia with its golden hued eyes.
Speaking without exaggeration, those eyes felt deep enough to absorb her entirely.
It had fought the『Witch of Envy』, and forged the covenant with the Kingdom of Lugnica four hundred years agoーー but, the time this great dragon had lived through appeared to be far greater than those four hundred years.
Those eyes, perhaps close to reaching a thousand years of age, were intently gazing upon the world.
It was unknown in what way would Emilia’s existence be projected, to this『Divine Dragon』.
Emilia: “I, am used to being judged. There are people who hate me because I’m a half elf, or meanies like Echidna…… but, like Subaru, Ram or Beatrice and everyone else, there are also people who have laid their expectations on me.”
Whilst addressing, Emilia touched the crystal on her chest with her fingers.
Her family, who was yet asleep, was the first one to affirm Emilia, who largely looked through rose-coloured glasses like this.
With that family of her’s as the beginning, in this tower were her comrades who had accepted Emilia.
Emilia: “That’s why, I don’t care no matter how you look at me!”
Before the『Divine Dragon』she had been overawed by once, Emilia declared sharply.
Even the existence known as Emilia, who had been crushed by the contrast in presence, whose limbs had been quivering and cowering, who had been overwhelmed by the existence acquainted to eternity, shall no longer lose.
ーーNo matter what, she shan’t lose.
Volcanica: [ーーーー]
Emilia strengthened her fist and made her amethyst eyes glitter with might.
Whilst being showered with Emilia’s gaze throughout its entire body, Volcanica slowly blinked. Afterwards, Volcanica moved its dragon jaws with grandeurーー,
Volcanica: [ーーThou, who hath reached the top of the tower. Step forth through the first floor, almighty petitioner.]
“ーーーー”
Volcanica: [ーーI, am Volcanica. In accordance with the ancient covenant, I ask the will of thee who hath reached the summit.]
Emilia: “……Huh?”
Emilia, who had packed her breath and put herself on guard for the challenge Volcanica may ask her of, heard the cumbrous words accompanying the dragon breath and tilted her head.
For she had remembrance of these words.
Emilia: “Um, hadn’t you told me about that earlier? That I am the one who arrived at the first layer, and that you are Volcanica…… is that right?”
Volcanica: [ーーーー]
Emilia: “……Ah! Did I not introduce myself, by chance? I apologize. I am Emilia, just Emilia. Well, there’s many people right now who don’t remember me, so it’ll be a problem if you ask me to prove it, but, I’m Emilia!”
Volcanica: [ーーーー]
Emilia: “……Still, no good?”
Thinking whether her omitting her introduction had brought its displeasure, she reintroduced herself yet no positive change was born in Volcanica’s response.
Had Subaru been here, he would’ve gone so far and thought that skipping introduction led to the revocation of the right to take the『Trial』of the first layer, but Emilia did not think that way.
Emilia believed that even if a mistake was made, upon apologizing the opponent couldn’t continue being so heartless.
Thus, even at this instant she did not believe her impoliteness had bought Volcanica’s silence.
What Emilia had thought of, was the possibility that Volcanica was not angry. But even if that were to be the case, it might’ve been much worse than simply being angered.
After allーー,
Emilia: “Could it be……”
Gazing back into its golden eyes, Emilia timidly moved forward.
One step, two steps, resuming her walk in a place close to the sky, she shortened the distance between herself and the『Divine Dragon』Volcanica. Emilia inched closer, as it breathed, that too with magnificence.
And, gently stretching her hand forward, she touched the scales of the opponent’s front leg.
Emilia: “ーーCold.”
The scales she touched were cold like ice, or like steel which had cooled down.
Just how long a duration would one need to remain stagnated, to lose this much heat.
It did not mean biological『Death』. Those who remained stagnated for a long duration, simply lost bodily energy.
Volcanica: [ーーThou, who hath reached the top of the tower. Step forth through the first floor, almighty petitioner.]
“ーーーー”
Volcanica: [ーーI, am Volcanica. In accordance with the ancient covenant, I ask the will of thee who hath reached the summit.]
Whilst gazing down upon Emilia who was touching its foreleg, Volcanica repeated once again.
Words of reception that had been repeated and stockpiled exactly thrice. They were not with the purpose of condemning the mistake Emilia made with her greeting.
Volcanica’s eyes, which were profoundly staring at Emilia, were reflecting her as if not reflecting her.
Its reason was apparent.
Emilia: “Could it be, you became such an old uncle that you forgot about the『Trial』……?”
Not the『Death』of the body, but the『Death』of the mind had hunted the long-lived dragon.
And for Emilia, who must clear the『Trial』of the first layer, it befell as a challenge beyond the『Trial』of the first layer.
The great library of Pleiades, the trial of the first layer of『Maia』.
The time limit,『The Time For The Survival Of Her Comrades』. Number of challenges,『Unknown』. Number of challengers,『One』.『Content Of The Trial』, unknown.
ーーTrial, begin.

          ※ ※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※


Chapter 82
ーーDue to being left alone for umpteen years, the『Divine Dragon』Volcanica had met its『Death』of the mind.
Speaking tangibly, it had gotten Alzheimer’s due to being left as is for a long time, or its thereabouts.
Emilia: “But, it’ll be a problem for me if you’re such an oldie! Hey, Volcanica!”
Volcanica: [ーーThou, who hath reached the top of the tower. Step forth through the first floor, almighty petitioner.]
Emilia: “Geez! You’re completely hopeless!”
Emilia knocked its foreleg and called in desperation, but the response she got was the sensation of resilient scales and forgetfulness that seemed even more resilient than the former, a psychological barrier.
A『Trial』which brought back the dead from the time they were alive like Reid’s was quite a challenge, but thinking of it now, that seemed cute compared to this.
Though something like calling that thug Reid cute was like a joke in itselfーー,
Emilia: “Reid could be communicated to, and he also taught us what all we needed to know, but……”
That was not the case with Volcanica.
For Emilia, who must conquer the『Trial』of the first layer, the examiner having Alzheimer’s was pretty much the worst scenario.
Even though she needed to take back the good news from here to Subaru and the others as soon as possible.
Emilia: “Ugh…… what can I do what can I do, what should I do…… It can’t be, that I need to beat Volcanica like it was with Reid……”
For the argument’s sake, should it be the case then that could be expected to make for an extremely arduous『Trial』, but the difference in the content of the first and second layers’ trials made Emilia hold off on that thought.
The trial of the third layer of『Taygeta』required solving the set questions through brainpower.
Fortunately, Subaru possessed the knowledge of beyond the Great Waterfall thus they were able to solve them, but without that it certainly would’ve been incredibly onerous.
And, the trial of the second layer of『Electra』, as one may know, had Reid Astrea as the obstacle.
Emilia had won it by somehow doing her best and banging Reid’s head, but even that had the aspect of succeeding because it had been their first time challenging.
In any event, it was indubitable that both the third layer and the second layer had been won extremely narrowly.
That is why, a simple challenge alone was sufficiently difficult, and yetーー,
Emilia: “To think it won’t even specify the challenge……”
Volcanica: [ーーI, am Volcanica. In accordance with the ancient covenant, I ask the will of thee who hath reached the summit.]
Emilia: “Geez! I get it already! I want you to say something beyond that, you know!”
Though she expected it to say something beyond after a certain number of tries, she did not quite have the time to experiment that.
Whilst staving off the feeling of wanting to stomp the floor, Emilia turned her line of sight to her environs.
The『Trial』of the third layer was conducted in a white room, with a black slate where questions would be setーー there had been something which Subaru and Julius had been enjoyably invoking with the monolith.
Perhaps there may be something similar hidden in this first layer.
As long as Volcanica could not be addressed to, it was a good plan to search for the problem by oneself.
Emilia: “I’ve got to do everything I can right now……!”
Without clearing away the disposition of Volcanica’s mood, Emilia began sprinting in order to survey the first layer.
Firstly, the first layer was the uppermost storey of the Pleiades Watchtowerーー existing in a position whereby it was too high up to be visible from below. Within its space, in the surroundings were six pillars, and one mammoth pillar in the centreーー Volcanica was crouched by the central pillar as if leaning on it, and the vastness of the space was around a hundred metres in radius.
Though the space felt quite vast compared to that of the second layer, part of it was being capped due to the presence of Volcanica’s enormous frame.
Emilia: “Seeing below…… isn’t possible?”
Grasping one of the pillars enclosing the circumference of the first layer, Emilia confirmed what was beneath.
Inside and outside of the tower, Subaru and Ram and everyone else were supposed to be putting up tough battles, but thick clouds blocked her field of vision, rendering her unable to confirm what was below her.
Though on the other hand, it felt like should she jump into the clouds, it would be possible for her to join up with her comradesーー,
Emilia: “It feels like if one cheats and climbs up from the outside like this, they’d be getting a scolding…… no, in the first place, there’s no way it’s possible to get above the clouds so fast, just because I ran at my fullest.”
Though she was quite athletic, even Emilia knew how high an altitude the sky and clouds were positioned at.
When she was little, she tried to extend her hand and grab the clouds, but failed. Even when she had grown up, that hadn’t changed. Should she reach around Reinhardt’s level perhaps she may be able to jump up to the clouds’ altitude, but Emilia did not have the ability to do something like that.
That is why, Emilia must have reached the summit of the tower because of some mysterious powers.
Emilia: “If that’s the case, then the『Trial』must be here or it’ll make no sense!”
Her thoughts encouraged, Emilia went around seeing the six pillars, knocking them, trying to climb on them. However, she couldn’t discover any befitting phenomena or writings whatsoever.
If there were to be another possibility, thenーー,
Emilia: “The big pillar in the middle, which Volcanica is close to.”
If the surrounding pillars didn’t have anything, then the central mammoth pillar possessed the greatest possibility.
Unlike the other six, that pillar alone stretched further beyond the first layer. ーーOtherwise, above even the first layer, the place which should be called the zero layer was perhaps situated there.
It felt that in that place there may be some means to cause any changes to this place, which remained ever unchanged.
Howeverーー,
Volcanica: [ーーThou, who hath reached the top of the tower. Step forth through the first floor, almighty petitioner.]
In order to investigate that pillar, she couldn’t avoid Volcanica, who continued repeating the same words.
“ーーーー”
Though she was ready to take on the『Trial』of the first layer, being ready to take on Volcanica was an entirely different subject.
Maintaining that nervousness, Emilia distanced herself closer to the central pillar, to Volcanica.
Emilia: “Volcanica, what should I do for the『Trial』?”
Volcanica: [ーーI, am Volcanica. In accordance with the ancient covenant, I ask the will of thee who hath reached the summit.]
Volcanica’s answer shan’t change.
Rather than being despondent or dejected towards that answer, Emilia instead felt relief. If Volcanica’s answer did not change, then just as when she had touched its foreleg, it must be uninterested in her.
Believing that, Emilia went around through the other side from Volcanica’s, in an attempt to investigate that bulky pillarーー,
Emilia: “ーーHuh.”
The moment she tried to touch the pillar, Emilia heard the sound of wind.
Before even confirming its cause, Emilia instinctively produced an ice wall overhead. In that juncture, the impact went through the ice wall and slammed into Emilia, throwing her slim figure afar.
Emilia: “Gah, hack.”
The impact pierced her chest from the back, and Emilia tumbled down the floor of the first layer, coughing violently.
Thinking just what in the world had happened, Emilia slowly raised her face, and noticed.
ーーThe tail of the『Divine Dragon』leaning on the pillar, was slowly being lowered to the ground.
Emilia: “……I was hit, by the tail?”
Upon expressing it in words, it could be noticed that it had been an extremely simple attack.
Dragons using their tail to express their emotions was something which often occurred between Patrasche and Subaru as well. When Subaru played any pranks, Ram and Patrasche would slap him as if competing with each other.
However, the attack by Volcanica’s tail wasn’t of the same kind as an expression of love between a dragon and a man.
She had taken only this much damage thanks to her sudden defence, but had Emilia’s response been late her neck would’ve gotten fractured, even her head being blown away wouldn’t have been strange.
On top of that, for Volcanica, this had been like nothing but merely brushing away an insect in a state of vague consciousness.
She felt as if she were a tiny insect being toyed around by the feet of a gigantic creature.
“ーーーー”
The moment she realised that truth, cold sweat traced Emilia’s nape and spine.
But at the same time, it also made another possibility emerge before Emilia.
Emilia: “So that pillar has something after all, right.”
Volcanica: [ーーーー]
Emilia: “After all, you are here for the purpose of the『Trial』. You have not forgotten that, even now when you have forgotten the『Trial』. That’s why, you’re explaining the same thing again and again.”
Volcanica appeared as if it had forgotten what it ought to do.
But the reason why the『Divine Dragon』still remained here like this, was its will to uphold promises exchanged before its mind had met『Death』, that alone was firm proof.
The『Sage』, the『Sword Saint』and the『Dragon』, each for testing wit, strength and motives.
If that was the caseーー,
Emilia: “ーーHalf-baked feelings won’t do. I’ll be doing it seriously as well.”
Premising on the existence of the opponent’s hindrance, Emilia declared the exercise of her true strength.
At that moment, the atmosphere surrounding Emilia slowly let out a note, and began to congeal. As if obeying Emilia like she was the queen, warriors of ice were created and summonedーー that was, Emilia’s new potential born through further growth from Ice Brand Arts.
She wasn’t able to even test it within the confined watchtower, but should her opponent be in a space so vast, there was no need for her to be merciful.
She had not told Subaru about this, so she hadn’t gotten it named.
Thus, she shall do the naming.
Emilia: “Ice Soldier-san and, Ice Brand Arts……!”
The seven warriors of ice born forth, having taken humanoid shape they all held respective weapons, and gallantly accompanied Emilia’s challenge until the point of their death.
Emilia: “ーーHere I come, Mr. Sleepyhead! If you want to wake up, then make sure to wake up fast!”
Whilst speaking so, Emilia, wielding arms of ice, approached Volcanica along with the warriors of ice.
Whilst lording over that with eyes ignorant to emotion, Volcanica opened its mouth.
Volcanica: [ーーThou, who hath reached the top of the tower. Step forth through the first floor, almighty petitioner.]
With its consciousness, buried beyond the ever unchanging infinity.
  △▼△▼△▼△
  ーーDuring the same time, Emilia was not the only one facing a mighty enemy transcending one’s own strength.
One floor below Emilia who was fighting the demented『Divine Dragon』, the collisions of swordsmen being performed on the second layer of『Electra』also grew in vehement.
But, with the arbitrary truth unwavering.
???: “Comeoncomeoncomeon, whathappenedwhathappenedwhathappened! I’m jus’ havin’ to use one chopstick with one hand, ya know? If ya still ain’t reachin’ me, then you, then this ain’t gonna make for even jus’ playin’ ’round, you, you, aye you~!”
???: “Gh…… ~hk!”
Whilst pouring hearty jeers, the man making his long, red hair sway about fired an intense kick.
Receiving that with the handle of the knight sword in his hand, the knight with a refined side profile jumped far back by his own volition. He couldn’t destroy the impact. He merely scattered it. And before it could dissolve, the next one arrived.
Many a time, many a time, the repetition of that exchange was conducted on the battlefield of the second layer.
And though this had occurred many times as well, the knight was blown away by the swordsman’s strike, and as he retreated far back, the swordsman spat out a “Geez, damn it”.
???: “If yer mood changes then yer sword does too. I’ve expectations on you with these explosions, ya know? But still, how many god damn times’ll it take for ya to change, you. Or instead……”
Whilst saying that, the red haired swordsmanーー Reid, wrung his neck and distorted his lips.
With a magnificent posture of mockery as if looking down onto his opponent, the swordsman with expectations scowled at the knight who was his opponent,
Reid: “Are ya plannin’ on losin’ by fussin’ over yer manners, you. Are ya gonna be satisfied by that, aye you.”
???: “ーーWhat a, self-indulgent thing to say.”
In response to Reid’s objection, the knight, who was being told anything per convenience, loosened his lips.
Whilst confirming his knight sword numbed by the kick, the knight accepted Reid’s sharp gaze and stood up, directly opposite to him.
Julius Juukulius, who had relinquished being a nameless knight, and was resolved to battle destiny.
Julius: “Many a time, you have thrown such words at me. Unappealing battling, unmannered sword moves, lackluster amusement…… they are words, even I am familiar with.”
Reid: “Hah, figures. Even if it ain’t to my extent, pretty sure anyone’d feel that by takin’ a look. There ain’t anythin’ in your sword, but desperation.”
Julius: “……Desperation, huh.”
Reid’s careless remarks surely must not have been brought forth by noble beliefs.
He was likely stating what he thought, as is. The reason why it grasped reality, with one of his eyes purposefully concealed, was because everything was visible in plain sight to that blue pupil.
He could likely see Julius’ shallow ideals concealed above his true character.
“ーーーー”
Upon glancing behind, the form of a female watching over the fight between Julius and Reid could be seen.
For Julius, it was the guise of the female whom he currently esteemed the most in the world, however, the female’s substance had been changed to that of a different person.
Inevitability aside, it had been approximately two months since the events that had occured in that Watergate Cityーー they had managed to resume quite an empty lord and retainer relationship.
Julius: “Now that I think of it, both you and I should have further conversed with open hearts.”
???: “Julius……?”
Julius: “Had that been done, I’m sure I would have become good friends with you. Because we shared our cherishing, and admiration, for the same female.”
Letting his heart out, Julius challenged the『Sword Saint』once again.
Reid was wielding a short, slim chopstick in his right arm and assaulted the advancing Julius head-on.
Slashing through, clearing away, holding aloft, swinging down, striking in.
At times, Julius tackled whilst weaving together reality and myth through the grip of his sword or his footwork, which Reid defended against with ease and a striking lack of seriousness.
Reid: “This again aye. How many times do I’ve gotta tell ya this ain’t gonna work……”
Julius: “Even if! You were to call it dull, this is my sword!”
Reid: “Here ya go!”
Repudiating the rising yawn with a roar, Julius fired a sword slash which was met by Reid’s kick.
His stance destroyed by that kick, Julius showed an opening to which Reid’s chopstick strike attained a diagonal postureーー that instant, Julius overturned the mantle he was wearing and instantly hid his body afterwards.
Reid: “Heh.”
Reid smiled at that move, and slashed both the mantle and Julius, who was on the other side.
However, the moment the mantle was blown off by the chopstick strike, Julius jumped horizontally right behind and escaped the chopstick’s slaughter range.
Reid: “Hey, now that’s more like it!”
Julius: “No, you are wrong!”
Reid: “Huh?”
Reid praised the battling style of using the white outfit as a distraction, throwing off the righteous path. However, Julius immediately slayed that praise and ran up to the mantle that had gotten blown off.
And, picking up the mantle that had been torn by the chopstick strike, he put it on his body once again.
Carefully fastening its latch, putting the white mantle on with his white uniform, he personified knighthood.
Even if he gave up on being nameless, he couldn’t give up on being a knight.
Witnessing Julius’ attitude as if denoting that message, Reid once again clicked his tongue in displeasure.
Reid: “Hey you, when the fiercely frizzlin’ earlier n’ the hottie standin’ behind there showed up, I expected ya to change, ya know? That ya’d aim for victory without carin’ ’bout appearances. That I’d get to see that kinda you, aye. You, aren’tcha clueless ’bout yerself?”
“ーーーー”
Reid: “Ya act like ye’re sittin’ straight bein’ a knight, but your interior ain’t that. Your interior’s the same as me, that of a『Stick Swinger』. So stiff I can’t stand lookin’ at ya, god damn you.”
Whilst pointing his chopstick towards Julius, Reid spat out with a bitter expression.
Hearing Reid’s comment, Julius closed his eyes. And, keeping his eyes shut for some time, he whispered “Is that so” once.
Julius: “I feel like I finally understand.”
Reid: “Huh? What’d ya understand?”
Julius: “About why you are so, persistent and obstinate, about me.”
Despite being irritated, Reid never ceased his words for Julius.
His way was violent, and said person surely had no such intent whatsoever, but it was akin to that of a leader teaching, guiding Julius.
Finally, he now comprehended the reason behind why Reid pulled Julius around this much.
Julius: “ーーDid you see something, which was the same as yourself, in me.”
The reason why he, on multiple occasions, sneered at Julius, calling his battling style boring and his sword moves mannered, was because he believed there was a slumbering lion within the shell Julius put on.
Though Julius thought, to believe that was a lion was quite a excessively positive estimationーー,
Reid: “I ain’t got ‘ny idea ’bout the finer stuff, damn immature fool. I jus’ do stuff however I wanna do it. My instincts’re tellin’ me. That you’d, be more interestin’ with yer veneer taken off.”
“ーーーー”
Reid: “That’s why I’m tryin’ to peel it off. You get it too, right? That at this rate you ain’t reachin’ me, n’ neither will ya get to look cool before the hottie standin’ behind there, aye.”
As Reid turned his chin up and pointed Echidna out, Julius smiled bitterly.
Thinking that truly, Reid’s eyes were something else, they were observing well.
ーーThey had perceived well, that Julius Juukulius was a man of merely affixing appearances.
Julius: “That is precisely why, I will not depart from the fact that I am myself.”
Reid: “The hell’d ya say?”
Julius: “Your words are surely correct. Many things come to mind…… Though I never spoke about in a world where everyone had forgotten me, that I am not a legitimate child of the Juukulius family.”
He commenced speaking, ensuring Reid, possessing a frown, and Echidna, who was firmly observing the front, could hear him.
The unremembered history of Julius Juukulius which now, nobody remembered but Natsuki Subaru.
Julius: “My father, who absconded from a noble household, married my mother, who was a commoner, and I was born between the two of them. That is why, my origin is that of a commoner. My parents passed away, and until I was adopted by my current adoptive father who was my uncle, I had nothing to do with the refinement of nobles…… thus, my way is one that is fabricated.”
Reid: “What a damn ugly paper tiger.”
Julius: “That may be true. My true essence must be clad in civilian clothes instead of ceremonial clothes, and must be the rustic child unaware of ideals from the time when I used to run about in open meadows, laughing with my friends.”
Ignorant of propriety, possessing no ideals to strive for, earnest in living day after day.
Precisely that way of being himself was the future that had been bonded to Julius.
However, that future was washed away along with his real parents by a flash flood, disappearing into the beyond.
That is precisely whyーー,
Julius: “That is why, I shall feign the knight. Being fixated over appearances, I shall confine my original oneself.”
Reid: “You……”
Julius: “My innocent, ignorant self was however, met by ideals. ーーI admired the knight. Admired the form of the knight, possessing gallance and integrity. Hence, I shall go through with my admiration.”
Fastening the latch of his mantle with a note, strength was poured into Julius’ yellow gaze.
Reid was in displeasure, his expression changed from one of irritation to dubiousness. That was his astonishment for his words being denied, yet not being snarled back at.
The man, like a painting of defiance, had his awareness eroded by Julius’ words.
Henceforth, Julius presumed with a grand voice.
Julius: “I am a gauche man. I perceive everything, based on appearances. Till now, I have believed that if I wield a splendid sword, if I wear dignified clothing, if I use courteous words, I would become befitting of them. Thus, I shall stick through with that obstinacy.”
He was aware, that there existed humans who despised words such as appearances.
Natsuki Subaru, whom he immediately thought of, was he not the epitome of that.
However, Julius also thought of something inverse.
Julius: “Correcting my posture, completing personal grooming, dressing up as the form wishing to be equipped with that, holding the will to persist through. That is precisely the paper tiger I am determined to wear for eternity.”
“ーーーー”
Julius: “I am sure there are those who mock appearances. However, I trust that there are just as many who find appearances to be dazzling. ーーJust as how I, continued to yearn for the way of the knight.”
He could not remember, who it was that made his admiration for the knight bud.
However, Julius became a knight.
The reason why Julius was called the “greatest” was not simply due to diligently studied sword moves, refined spirit arts, or the heights of his ability backed by those factors.
It was because the way of Julius Juukulius, had been thought of as the way of the knight.
The reason why it was the way of the “utmost” “excellent” “knight”, was because his form, putting up appearances, had been perceived as dazzling.
Making that declaration, Julius loosened his lips and turned towards Echidna.
Julius slightly shook his head sideways, towards her, who had borrowed the form liable to his utmost respect and affection. ーーTowards her, who was regretting from the deepest depths of her heart, that she did not remember Julius.
In order to convey, that there was no need to harbour such guilt.
Julius: “There was no need whatsoever for me to fear, console, lament being forgotten. Because the existence known as myself is present precisely within the chivalry which everyone knows, which everyone yearns for.”
And, he could say the same for “those girls” who were with him in this place.
Julius: “I apologize for everything till now, O buds of mine. Clinging to a lost bond, without parting ways with you all, I always made you anxious. I shall free you from that burden, this instant.”
Allured by Julius’ whisper, what visualised were fleeting lights of vivid huesーー they were beautiful spirits asserting six elements, Julius Juukulius’ quasi-spirits.
They were existences difficult to be distant from, having remained close to Julius Juukulius ever since prior to him becoming a knight.
They too, had forgotten Julius who had gotten his『Name』plundered by the Authority of『Gluttony』.
However, due to the indelible contract formed between the spirits and the contractor, along with the『Divine Protection of Gathering Sprits』which Julius was born with, they were captivated by the power and continued to remain within his vicinity.
Julius too, believing that their relationship would return should his『Name』return, did not let go of them.
How foolish that was.
He must’ve not wanted for what remained to change as well, after anything and everything had undergone change.
Howeverーー,
Julius: “You did well staying with my prior self till now, O buds. I depended on your love, and stubbornly remained without letting go of your warmth. I kept expecting to possibly return to those days, with no problems whatsoever. ーーI shall relinquish that weak, pathetic, uncool self of mine.”
As if bewildered, the six quasi-spirits swayed whilst enclosing Julius’ environs.
Facing them, Julius firmly presented his hand. The arm extended like a perch, upon seeing it the quasi-spirits gently gathered there.
And, Julius smiled towards the fleeting lights halted atop his hand.
Julius: “There existed a self of mine which feared change. However, upon having not the resolve to lose, there also exist things that cannot be gained. For example, the blooming of the buds named love. A future where I confirm with my own eyes, what flowers will the buds who remained by my side blossom.”
‘ーーーー’
They did not answer.
However, it appeared they knew well, what was going to occur hereafter.
Hence, Julius moved abiding by that flowーー,
Julius: “O buds of mine! I liberate you all. I apologize for clinging to a fragmented bond for much too long.”
With those words, the quasi-spirits which had encircled Julius’ hands took distance as if strummed.
That which appeared to even possess a physical impact, pierced through Julius and the quasi-spirits alone with certainty, a sensation scathing like a flash of lightning.
The connection, the bond which existed for certain, the contract binding soul to soul, was severed.
That was the pain and grief of having forfeited an existence indeed bound to the soul, which only a spirit arts user could comprehend.
Though Julius would not know, this same pain had once made even Emilia move to tears and cower.
By his own volition, Julius experienced parting ways with his six spirits once, and a wound was born in his heart.
The sensation akin to distortion rended his mind and heart, and Julius tasted the detachment of his soul.
This was, a pain differing from when he had been forgotten by his buds due to the Authority of『Gluttony』, from its very origin.
Not Julius alone, but the quasi-spirits must’ve also experienced the pain, and repented.
They might have sustained a wound on their soul, conveying that they shouldn’t have made a contract with a human.
Howeverーー,
Julius: “ーーFurthermore, now once, I call for you all.”
‘ーーーー’
Julius: “I love you all. If you shall accept the courting of this vain man, then let us bind it. ーーThe new contract, between myself and you all!!”
With a loud voice, Julius hollered with a hand raised towards the heavens which he had lowered once.
Hearing that call, the quasi-spirits which had dispersed as if strummed, quietly, flickered for merely a moment.
Faltering and indecision, those had been matters of naught but a moment.
  △▼△▼△▼△
  Warm luminescence, enveloped the entire body of Julius Juukulius.
Gently permeating into the wound engraved on his soul, due to severing the contract.
There had been glee. There had been rage. There had been grief. There had been love. There had been hate.
These multitude of emotions had been there, in the time, greater than ten years, that Julius and those girls had spent together.
Repudiating it for once, they spun future.
Whether that was the correct answer, he did not know. However, he thought, that he wanted it to be the correct answer.
He may make mistakes, countless times.
Continuing in failing to choose the correct path, he may err.
However, she shall shape himself through that journey.
Even if he were to err, he was not alone. He was not by himself.
Should he decide to move forward, then there existed ideals moulded by splendid predecessors.
Should he halt his feet, then there existed the warmth of his buds who had continued to watch over him with deep affection.
And should he look beside, then there existed the side profile of his lord vowing to dedicate beliefs that shaped oneself.
Just what did Julius Juukulius have to fear, in the future.
Julius: “ーーThat must be true. O beautifully blooming maidens of mine.”
The six buds responded to that cryーー no, the blooming maidens gave their answer.
A light, was bornーー,
  △▼△▼△▼△
  Julius: “From hereafter as well, profoundly, gently, whilst being hurt, I shall walk this path.”
The pain of the contract’s severing, was healed by the bond tied together once again.
Clad in six, exceedingly ever mysterious lights, Julius Juukulius looked forward.
There present was the form of the pinnacle as one who had dedicated his body to the sword, whom he admired.
However, Julius Juukulius’ jealousy was directed someplace different.
Hence, he shall slash through that longing and aspiration without faltering, through the lights of a rainbow.
Julius: “Thank you for waiting,『Sword Saint』Reid Astrea. ーーPleased to meet you.”
Shaking his knight sword, Julius grasped his mantle and bowed with elegance.
And lifting his face, completely taking shape of “that” which he admired the most in the world, he named himself.
  Julius: “ーーI am the『Greatest Knight』, Julius Juukulius. The sword of the kingdom, that shall slash you down.”

      ※ ※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※


Chapter 83
ーーSlowly, gradually unfastening her shackles step by step, she let her body heat escalate.
She could feel her blood boil, and sense all of the muscles in her petite figure be pressed and strained.
Soft on touch, it was the body of a young girl which seemed even transient and helpless, but the blood flowing within it, the flesh and bones which composed it, belonged to the utmost excelling species in the world.
And even therein, it had been christened as the reincarnation of the『Oni God』ーー,
Ley: “This is what you’re about, nee-sama ~tsu! A~h, how utterly wonderful you are ~tsu! You’re glittering ~tsu! No matter how much effort, Rem couldn’t possibly ever attain you reach you rival you, that is how nee-sama is ~tsu!”
Ram: “Stop spitting around. It is unpleasant. Also, kindly stop comparing Ram with something.”
Ley: “E~h, why so?”
Ram: “Isn’t it obvious. ーーIt is because any title aside from Rem’s nee-sama is unneeded for Ram.”
Declaring with apparent disgust, Ram twisted her frame as her elbow rebuff drilled into the air.
Slashed upon touch, broke bones upon striking, a fearsome technique which pierced even into the insides, this was being performed lacking all frugality, as she fired a chain of strikes utilising all of her limbs.
It wasn’t a move governed by simply physical ability or technique.
Had it been brought forth by pure finesse, then Batenkaitos, who reconstructed all kinds of techniques of the past and the present, of east and west relying on the『Memories』of eaten opponents, could’ve surely dealt with it.
However, Ram’s battle techniques marked a concise difference from that.
“ーーーー”
Stepping in, the elbow or knee strikes which Ram fired changed their velocity midway through. That was because Ram clad herself in wind magic which she specialised in, and wove truth and myth together in the midst of the battle.
Accelerating or decelerating speed with wind, she derailed Batenkaitos’ cognisance as he counterattacked. In the end, Ram utilised wind and scattered her presence in all directions, and whilst slipping into the opponent’s blind spot with nimble carriage of her body, struck countless fatal blows.
Ley: “Ha~h! How irresistible~!”
Whilst agilely evading those attacks of Ram’s, Batenkaitos acclaimed with a joyful expression.
Whilst bleeding from his cut right cheek, disheveling his unkempt long, dark brown hair,『Gluttony』was enjoying comparing his own ability and his opponent’s.
Ley: “Hot, irresistible spice! Acerbic refinement, a gallant trick! Making joyfulness explode, truly dynamic! Nee-sama is, a feast perfectly suited for our gourmet!”
Flying about the spiral staircase, Batenkaitos laughed whilst shifting each other’s positions.
Making the daggers on both of his arms collide with Ram’s wand, and opening up distance, saliva dripped down from his open mouth.
Ley: “How nice, so nice, quite nice, very nice, as it’s nice, isn’t it nice, as it’s probably nice, certainly it is nice, because it is certainly nice ~tsu! Gluttonous drinking ~tsu! Gluttony ~tsu!”
“ーーーー”
Ley: “Above all, what’s nice is the scent of that rage. An opponent, who gives us, individually, this much hatred…… we wonder what kind of a gourmet delicacy will we get to have a fill of, upon tasting that atop our tongue e~h!?”
Clasping both of his hands, Batenkaitos shivered about with an incomprehensible premonition of pleasure.
Whilst witnessing that, Ram took a deep inhale and confirmed the condition of her own body.
Ram: “Though far from its original condition……”
Despite not letting it show on her face, in her truest heart Ram had been struck with admiration.
Unlike the fools for whom it was a cliche to baselessly claim that they knew themselves the best, Ram truly had a complete understanding of herself.
Losing the horn of the Oni tribe, Ram’s body, which became『Hornless』, was under the threat of being crushed by an enormous burden on a daily basis. Thus, Ram placed shackles onto her own consciousness.
Normally, when she worked as a servant she did everything with those shackles on.
At times there were situations of emergency, and she had no choice but to utilize magic and do away with the situation. On those instances she unfastened one shackle and allowed herself a bare minimum utilisation of magic.
And, in circumstances which couldn’t be sorted despite that, she unfastened two shackles, and though only in short decisive battles, Ram demonstrated about twenty percent of her original strength.
That was around what she had done when she had faced and fought Garfiel in the『Sanctuary』approximately a year and a half ago.
Ram had confidence, that that was the maximum strength she could bring out as『Hornless』, and her body wouldn’t be able to endure any further and become disabled.
Those shackles, a double-edged sword, right now, had already been unfastened that much by Ram.
“ーーーー”
At that moment, an unusual vacillation distorted Ram’s innermost heart.
As aforementioned, Ram perfectly understood herself.
For her, this absence of feeling recoil after fighting this much was something which hadn’t happened to her ever since she was truly a child, around ten years of age.
Should the recoil of having fought this much rebound, Ram’s head would ache as if fissuring, she would incessantly bleed from her nose or her eyes, so she must prepare herself for her body being rendered unusable for some duration.
That wasn’t present here. ーーBecause it was flowing into Subaru, whom she had collective destiny with.
Ram: “……If this takes too long, Barusu will die, isn’t it.”
If everything was going by as they had discussed, then about now Subaru must be making efforts in order to deal with the rampaging Shaula, or the advancing hordes of Witch Beasts.
With him was Beatrice, and perhaps Meili. ーーEmilia, who made her memories throb, headed for the upper storeys of the tower, and perhaps was putting up a fierce struggle as a solitary force.
Mysteriously, some part of that positive, silver haired girl made her curious. Without question, she was someone whose hand Ram must’ve held multiple times and guided, before she got her『Name』stolen.
Each and every single one of them, were helpless and unreliable without Ram.
Henceforthーー,
Ram: “Kindly endure with the intent to die, Barusu. ーーRem will cry, otherwise.”
Yes, hurling those inaudible words, Ram unfastened her third shackle, after an interval of ten years.
  △▼△▼△▼△
  ーーThat instant, Natsuki Subaru gnashed his teeth due to the recoil of『Cor Leonis』.
Subaru: “ーーGhugh.”
As if vomiting blood ーーno, it was indeed the burden of vomiting blood.
For a single instant, he felt one of the fleeting lights within the tower enlarge, and the next moment it assailed down upon Subaru.
Beatrice: “Subaru!”
Subaru: “ーー~hk!”
Letting out a cough mixed with blood, Subaru’s stance crumbled as Beatrice, who was by his side, supported him.
Unfortunately, what Subaru and Beatrice were currently riding wasn’t Patrasche, whom they had grown accustomed to riding on, but a Witch Beast who took no regard for a living being riding on it, a Hungry Horse King.
He had very few experiences of riding without the『Divine Protection of Wind Evasion』, and since there was no saddle to place one’s buttocks on or a stirrup to have one’s legs supported, a single moment of carelessness would result in being thrown off.
The reason why that hadn’t happened to him so far was because he used his Guiltywhip as reins by wreathing it to the Witch Beast’s upper body, and because Beatrice was restraining his bodyweight through an elaborate magic.
Subaru couldn’t allow himself to let that persistent effort go to waste.
Beatrice: “Did Ram’s recoil reach, I suppose.”
Subaru: “Just as you conjecture, indeed…… sorry, I’ll somehow put up with it…… ~hk.”
Reaffirming his grasp onto the whip, Subaru responded to Beatrice, who had a good sense of judgement.
His rising vomit tasted and scented like rust, and he didn’t have the slightest idea just which part of the body’s burden this was.
His internal organs letting out a creak, or something inside of his body being fractured, perhaps the damage was of that kind.
Regardless, this was the proof that Ram had gotten serious.
Subaru: “If Ram, could clean up the side of『Gluttony』…..”
He wouldn’t say the situation would easen instantly due to that.
First of all, he didn’t even possess confidence whether『Gluttony』being crushed would result in restoration of the『Names』and『Memories』it had stolen. He possessed confidence merely in the fact that Subaru’s burden would be abated.
ーーShould that be, Subaru would be able to concentrate in taking up the inferior physical form of Meili alone.
Meili: “Hah, hah…… ~hk.”
Clinging to the Hungry Horse King’s upper body, Meili was giving commands to the Witch Beasts whilst risking her life.
In order to face off against the titanic scorpion aiming for Subaru whilst fiercely shaking about its pincers and tail stinger, Meili’s risky battling was indispensable.
Insufficient war potential could not be supplemented by material resources, Subaru and the rest pushed themselves and created a stalemate which did not exist.
When Subaru shouted for that purpose, that it was vital to admire Meili like a princess, he was neither playing around nor joking, but was absolutely serious when he made that comment.
At present, though Emilia, Ram and Julius and the others’ strength was absolutely necessary for each respective obstacle amongst the five obstacles aiming for the Pleiades Watchtower, but the one necessary to maintain each of those battlefields was nobody but Meili Portroute.
Thus, already for a while now, Subaru had been taking up the feedback from her Divine Protection which rained upon her.
Meili: “Winged Mole-chan! Courtesan Bear-chan! Together!”
With a shrill voice, Meili pushed the Witch Beasts to their death whilst overlooking the battlefield.
Clapping her hands, clicking her fingers, or sometimes giving orders with her voice, though her way of action depended on the Witch Beasts, her Divine Protection was being used at full throttle for all of them to abide.
Subaru realised that it brought about suitable burden, by feeling as if his own brain was aching, becoming swollen.
“ーーーー”
The grace brought forth by Otto’s『Divine Protection of Soul Language』or Meili’s『Divine Protection of Magic Manipulation』, felt much more like an expansion of human ability rather than something magical.
Upon expressing it, it seemed like a power in the field of superhuman abilities, instead of magic.
If that was the case, then it was also understandable that its feedback would be far greater compared to other Divine Protections.
In the sense that the Divine Protection’s object wasn’t the surroundings or other people, but it worked only upon oneself.
Subaru: “After all, Divine Protections and Authorities are both a part of an incomprehensible system……”
The Authorities wielded by Sin Archbishops or the『Witches』, and Subaru, by some twist of fate.
Or, the Divine Protections which had a possibility of being bestowed upon those born into this world.
All powers have some way of being put to use, though even Subaru recognised that was truth of a certain kindーー,
Subaru: “It’s because something like that exists……”
He couldn’t stop thinking, that it could give rise to tragedies.
The context behind why the Sin Archbishops and the『Witches』were feared, and their audacious power, was unmistakably greatly concerned with the strength of the Authorities which allowed nobody else to get close.
Even Divine Protections, if things like those didn’t exist then there could’ve been countless who would have lived without their destiny being distorted.
If an example were to be taken, even Meili was a victim to the negative aspect of Divine Protections.
Since she possessed the power to communicate with Witch Beasts by birth, she had been abandoned by her true parents. ーーHe was unaware whether that was true. However, it was a convincing elucidation. Self-evident logic.
At the very least, that was the truth within Meili’s heart.
That is precisely whyーー,
Subaru: “I, really have double standards……”
On one side, he thought he didn’t want to rely on Authorities or Divine Protections, but upon rise of necessity he didn’t think twice before using them. Though it was true that a weak human possessed limited choices, he didn’t want even his heart to coarsen by that.
He was walking down a path which shouldn’t even be a path, he never wanted to forget that fact.
Meili: “Onii-san! Are you concentrati~ng!? If onii-san or Beatrice-chan get done, then that’ll be the end, you kno~w!?”
Subaru: “I know. ーーWhat do you say, Meili. Once everything’s over, wouldn’t you become my daughter?”
Meili: “ーー~hk! Like I said, concentra~te!!”
Meili howled in response to Subaru, who made that enquiry whilst enduring the heaviness of his head.
Neither of them, had any leisure. Should their concentration get decomposed, everything could end in but a moment.
However, but stillーー,
Subaru: “After putting up with this much suffering, it wouldn’t make sense if you won’t think that a happy tomorrow awaits.”
Yes, whilst vomiting blood, that was the thought which came to Natsuki Subaru’s mind.
  △▼△▼△▼△
  Whilst resuming the battle on the sand, Meili whispered “Something’s wrong with me” to herself.
Of course, there were plenty of things that could be labelled as something being wrong with her.
The same went for Shaula before her eyes, who had transformed into the titanic scorpion, the same also went for Ram, Julius and the others who were fighting various opponents inside the watchtower, and it was especially the same for Subaru and Beatrice, who were fighting alongside her.
However, the one who had the most of something wrong with oneself, was certainlyーー,
Meili: “Me, isn’t i~t.”
Why was her self becoming like this, Meili herself had no idea about herself.
In fact, Meili believed she had started undertaking action unbefitting of herself from the moment she accompanied Subaru and the others for their journey through the Augria Sand Dunes.
As per the flow, as per the need, regardless whether right or wrong, she had continued to meekly submit to everything that was ordered to her.
Since that was Meili’s secret to success in life, she had intended to do the same here as well.
And yetーー,
Meili: “ーーSomething like the『Book of the Dead』, it’s because something like that exists”
Upon hearing it was possible to personally experience the feelings of the dead, Meili was defeated by the inquisitiveness dwelling within her.
Possessing no choice but to unseal her emotions towards Elsa Granhiert which had always been soldering, resultantly, Meili ended up stockpiling blunders utmost unbefitting of herself.
In the end, being taken to task for that, she even ended up being lectured a great deal from Subaru.
Though she did not feel like simply doing away his call with a snicker.
For some reason, she was even made to promise cooperation thereafter.
Though Subaru had even told her, she will always have his back to look up to, she wondered to what extent did he intend to take responsibility for that, and whether he belonged to the type of people who first said rash things then later regretted them.
In the sense of easily being swept away with the flow, many things came to Meili’s mind as well.
However, what differed between Meili and Subaru, was that he didn’t offer mere lip service.
If Subaru said he would do it then he would surely make efforts to do it, and the one who was present at the scene of the promiseーー was it Beatrice. Beatrice shall certainly also try to make him uphold that.
If that was so, she felt as if she was being arbitrarily spoilt, and also that she should help someone, but she hadn’t been told anything like that till now.
“ーーーー”
Even now, the hordes of Winged Moles flying about and responding to Meili’s hand gestures were being struck down into bits and pieces by the titanic scorpion’s tail stinger.
Normally, the timid Winged Moles would never charge towards an enemy larger than themselves, but even Meili, who was able to walk over that instinct of theirs, couldn’t make them stronger.
Meili: “A~h! They’re done fo~r!”
Swinging about its colossal pincers, the violence of the enraged titanic scorpion killed the Witch Beasts one after the other.
The blood of the slashed, crushed, torn Witch Beasts permeated into the thirstful sand, and the sand which appeared yellow changed its form to a dark red hue.
Meili: “ーー~hk.”
Grinding her teeth in response to that reality, Meili nimbly turned her eyesight to the environs, probing the presence of the Witch Beasts in the sky, on the sand, or even underground, and tamed all those who could be tamed.
She could not interfere with their quality. What was necessary at this moment were resources, an inexhaustible number of pieces under control.
Meili: “Gee~z, gee~zgee~zgee~z! Because of this, I’m definitely having onii-san listen to whatever I demand later, oka~y!”
With not even the flexibility to wipe off the sweat on her forehead, Meili slammed harsh words towards Subaru, who was restraining the titanic scorpion from a distance neither too close nor too far.
Even for Meili, the back of the Hungry Horse King did not make for a pleasant riding experience. However, in Meili’s case, she had stabbed the mantle enveloping her body through to the Witch Beast’s back with a knife, forcing her body to remain fixed.
It was a Witch Beast under her territory of control. It could accept that level of injury without any problems.
The problem lied not in the Witch Beast, but in the strength of Meili who had been placed into that situation.
First of all, this last moment kind of battling wasn’t Meili’s way of doing things.
Meili’s battle style was that prior preparation meant lifeーー arranging to place the Witch Beasts around within Meili’s territory of control, deploying them in the battleground, and then watching their conjunct assail from distance.
That was precisely what the specialty of the『Witch Beast User』Meili Portroute was.
Of course, directly giving orders in the battlefield enhanced the precision of the Witch Beasts’ offence and defence, but even that was something Meili’s didn’t have to do if it compromised on herself. Because she blundered that choice, Meili had lost against Subaru and the others in battle, and had become a prisoner.
Meili: “Elsa was……”
The reason why she died, was also due to the repetition of such blunders.
Of course, neither would Elsa ever wish for Meili to reproach herself, in fact it was possible she thought nothing of having to die. That is why, she couldn’t help but get anxious.
Just as she did not understand Elsa’s feelings, she did not understand her own feelings too well either.
First of all, though she was taking part in stalling against the titanic scorpion like this, and forcing through buying time in exchange for the lives of the Witch Beasts, Meili had never done things this way even once.
Though young, Meili Portroute was a killer.
Taking someone’s life on the command, order, request of someone was her occupation.
That is why, this was the first time for her.
ーーFighting in order to help, save, someone’s life.
Meili: “This, isn’t my way of doing things, oka~y!”
Subaru’s earlier words, akin to incoherent muttering, were excessively infuriating.
Quite a thing to ask, saying wouldn’t you become my daughter.
With an attitude as if he had no hint of being hated by others, truly provoking.
Even if her direct enemy was Garfiel, it was Subaru who constructed those circumstances. Just as he had indeed constructed the circumstances in this Pleiades Watchtower as per his own freedom as well.
“ーーーー”
Yes, though she thought of Subaru’s words and deeds in negation, upon taking notice Meili herself had abided by his commands, and was moving like a piece to set up the board just like the other members.
If that was the circumstance constructed by Subaru’s farsightedness, then it was still convincing.
However, no matter what, Subaru did not seem like someone of that calibre. What Subaru possessed was merely desperation, self-assertive expectations, and insane faith as if entrusting his own lifeーー,
Meili: “It feels like, I’ve turned into a stupid fool as we~ll.”
Whilst pronouncing, Meili drew up the Witch Beasts she had grasped in the underground, and made them aim for the titanic scorpion.
“ーーーー”
Exploding through the sand sea dyed red, what flew out of the underground was a Sand Earthworm, with its large frame trembling about. Twisting its enormous build which was greater than ten metres in size, it heartily collapsed into the titanic scorpion.
Crushed underneath, swallowed by the sand, a magnificent victoryーー there was no way things were going to proceed so smoothly, though.
Blown by the corona’s torrent, the sand earthworm’s thick trunk was scattered away in an instant.
As the sand earthworm fell over with its body divided into two, splattering out bodily fluids with a strange noise, it was smashed with further precision by the successive attack of the tail stinger.
However, that was a smokescreen of blood and flesh utilising the life of the sand earthworm.
ーーThe three Hungry Horse Kings which appeared from underground which the Sand Earthworm had broken through, were the real deal.
“ーーーーGugyugubah!”
With a howl akin to a child’s crying, the flaming half-human half-horses launched a suicide assault towards the titanic scorpion.
Though multiple kinds of Witch Beasts called the Augria Sand Dunes their home, the ones which were the utmost excelling in terms of standalone steam power were these Hungry Horse Kings.
Using the Winged Moles, which were large in numbers but couldn’t make for a decisive blow, or the Courtesan Bears with extremely low endurance, and the Sand Earthworms which tried to crush with their enormous builds altogether as cover, Meili had preserved the real deal.
Drawn by the traces of this battle, the three Hungry Horse Kings which had gathered here.
They fell behind the titanic scorpion in terms of fighting strength, but these were the Witch Beasts which the opponent was utmost vigilant about. That was the indisputable proof of the fact that it sensed the steam power of the Witch Beasts to be a threat.
Meili: “Looks like I’m fine after all.”
One which Meili herself was on, one on which Subaru and Beatrice were seated, and the three Hungry Horse Kings which she had prepared for this strike, the burden of making all of them move at the same time must be befittingly, substantially heavy.
Meili was, however, not experiencing that recoil right now, mysteriously enough.
It was possible that the battle’s enhancement let that happen, and if that was the case then she would like to presume upon that.
She did not think of bringing the enemy down.
However, should she be able to land even a slightly deadly blow, then it would also ease achieving Subaru’s purpose.
“ーーーー”
ーーIn a certain sense, this may have been the third time the young girl named Meili, who had lived her life going by the flow, had desired to do something by her own will.
The first was when she had wandered around the watchtower at nighttime, seeking salvation through the『Book of the Dead』.
The second was when she had been mentally cornered, and had drawn close Subaru’s back as he stood by the spiral staircase.
And, the third, with the purpose of buying time, seeking a result greater than what was expected of her.
Subaru: “Meili!!”
The moment the three Hungry Horse Kings approached the titanic scorpion, a scream accompanied with blood called Meili.
That was, quite literally, Subaru’s voice as he bled by the edge of his mouth.
Meili was puzzled, because it was neither exaltating, nor joyful, nor admirating.
Wondering what was there to be so angry about, when she was doing her job this well.
Howeverーー,
Meili: “ーーHuh?”
Wielding lances of spears, the three Hungry Horse Kings viciously leapt upon the titanic scorpion.
No matter how efficiently was it to use its pincers or tail stinger, it would fail to block it was what she expectedーー but she took notice, upon observing the change that occurred on the titanic scorpion’s body.
As if it had been scorched by flames, or as if it had sipped blood just like the sand.
The exterior shell that had been shining dully like blackened steel, changed its colour as if opening its eyes. An instant later, a second later, the jet black colour of the shell, had changed to blood-like red.
ーーIn certain kinds of Witch Beasts, there are those who invoke a transformation called『Offence Hue』.
The transformation causes their behaviour to change with a distinct difference from normal, and they become aggressive with greater ferociousness.
As a transformation easy to grasp, the outward appearance changes in the majority of cases. The inflation of the Hungry Horse Kings’ flames, or countless eyes being yielded throughout the body of the White Whale also corresponded to the same.
And that was something the titanic scorpionーー no, the『Crimson Scorpion』corresponded to as well.
Becoming further aggressive, further destructive, further deleteriousーー,
Meili: “ーーAh.”
A white sheen was fired in all directions, making the leaping Hungry Horse Kings vanish in thin air.
At the same time, the aftermath of the wild corona outraged about, as if mowing down the sand sea.
Andーー,
“ーーーー”
Swallowed by the torrent of exploding light, Meili’s petite figure fluttered midair, a spray of blood accompanying.
  △▼△▼△▼△
  ーーEnhancement overflowing with the sensation of boiling blood, she had despised that ever since she was a child.
Omnipotence which seemed as if she could govern all things in this world.
Had the time of her being intoxicated with that hallucination continued, no matter how firm a spirituality she may have been blessed with, time would have unquestionably made her err her path.
She was aware that she surpassed others. However, she did not lay too much trust in that.
She also made mistakes. Simply by possessing a will to not make mistakes, and a stance to correct mistakes.
The reason why she had been able to embrace that will, was also thanks to her not being intoxicated with omnipotence and acting like a fool.
Thanks to her not committing the misunderstanding of believing she was something wonderful by going along with the extravagant praises of her surroundings, and remaining without becoming a yes-man of those who revered stale traditions and old-fashioned mystiques.
And, the reason why she remained without being crushed by such surface reasons, was thanks to whom, she wondered.
She knew, that it was surely thanks to something which couldn’t be remembered, which was missing.
The reason beingーー,
Ram: “ーーAfter all, Ram is not only cute, but also wise.”
Deserting words of her own praises, Ram’s unremitting footing smashed the difference in stair levels of the spiral staircase.
That instant, the peach haired Oni clad in wind swung her arm, crushing the arm of her opponent who tried to accept it. Twisting it in an instant till the wrist, elbow and finally the shoulder, she fractured it.
Ley: “ーーGh ~tsu.”
She shan’t let the grumble of agony reach.
Knocking her fist to the side of the face about to give rise to a bawl, Ram’s fair fingers turned into buckshots.
With countless blows fired onto his entire body, Batenkaitos jumped away whilst vomiting blood. Pursuing him, Ram rode on the wind she had produced below her feet, and leapt extremely high up.
Ley: “Hihi ~tsu.”
As if assaulting Ram, Batenkaitos swung both of his feet around whilst midair.
The following instant, the created distortion of space came in contact with Ram’s shoulder, and slashed her clothes, skin and flesh. A leftover souvenir of a blade invisible in the air, an impudent trap brought forth by wind magic.
Ram: “Something of this levelーー”
Ley: “You’re saying that you will blast it away with wind? Won’t do won’t do, useless useless! As it’s something that’s been fixed in space, you see~! Even nee-sama wouldn’t be able to kick it away, how unfortunate, too ba~d!”
Seeing through her plan beforehand, Batenkaitos, with a bloodstained smile, kicked the air.
Though he was not truly kicking the air, but was using the blades which had slashed Ram as a foothold, walking aeriallyーー using those whose positions were known only by him as footing, he freely flew about the spiral staircase, which heavily made use of the tower.
Howeverーー,
Ram: “ーー『Clairvoyance』.”
Even if she weren’t able to capture that within her perception, should she be able to overlap with the field of vision of established humans, she could grasp the hiding spot even with the slightest change in consciousness.
As『Gluttony』tried to escape upwards and upwards into the air by using his traps as footings, Ram overlapped with her opponent’s field of vision and using the same as footing, bolted towards him with conviction.
Ley: “Huh ~tsu! Ahahahahahaha! Seriously, nee-sama? Are you for real!?”
Ram: “What a Barusu-like thing to say. ーーIt’d help if you’d stop this tug of war.”
Batenkaitos was surprised, and having jumped through the air faster than his ascent, Ram looked below towards his creepy face.
And, she mercilessly drived in the bottom of her shoe towards that face, with an opened mouth lined up with sharp fangs.
Ley: “Bh.”
Ram: “Alright, let’s see how many times you will be able to get a taste of Ram’s shoe until you fall below.”
With his snout crushed, Batenkaitos’ petite frame rolled over midair.
With the vigour of his ascend killed off, this time『Gluttony』was made to fall directly below due to the strength of Ram’s kick at the same pace.
Pursuing him, Ram raised both of her hands towards the heavens, yielding wind her palms and swiftly downwards, towards the falling Batenkaitos’ face, hammered a second kickーー no, the third, the fourth, and continued hammering kicks in.
Mercilessly, Ram’s heel kicked into his nose, his teeth, his chin, his forehead with each shot.
She had found that sneering face, and that mouth which time and again called Ram “Nee-sama” to be unpleasant.
She intended to spoil them both, as their descent yet resumed.
By the wayーー,
Ram: “It’s not Ram’s fault even if you get hit by the traps you laid. You reap what you sow.”
Ley: “Gh! Ghya! Higi~i~i~ ~tsu!”
En route to fall by the kick, the invisible blades he had laid in the empty air cleaved Batenkaitos’ body.
He was bleeding, and it seemed a few of the wounds had gouged his flesh as well, but Ram shall not ignore them.
Ram, did not like to go out of her way and go as far as to make her opponent suffer and agonize.
However, that applied to the cases where her opponent had sympathetic qualities, and if her opponent was a detested enemy of her’s, she shall not falter in making them shriek like a pig.
Ram: “So? Do you regret it?”
Skilfully halting her body in the air, Ram enquired with her legs remaining on the opponent’s face and chest.
With his face polluted by thick blood, Batenkaitos did not respond to the question, but instead raised the daggers on both of his hands overhead.
In that juncture, both of Ram’s hands, used as swords, struck the opponent’s shoulders, coercively dislocating the shoulders’ joints.
Ley: “ーーAoh.”
Ram: “So? Do you regret it?”
No matter how excellent a technique he wielded, with dislocated shoulders, his arms shan’t swing.
Whilst looking downwards onto the surprised face with eyes widened, Ram once again repeated the same question.
“ーーーー”
As Batenkaitos gazed at Ram, she tried to search for fright being born in his eyes.
Her motive was to etch in. Fright, anguish, an indefinable sense of defeat. For the purpose of revengeーー no, not something trivial of that kind.
Ram: “Remーー”
It was for the purpose, of recovering her. The ginormous number of victims, who had been met by the tragedy of『Gluttony』until now. For the purpose of recovering the masses who had gotten their『Name』and『Memories』plundered and the history they had come in contact with, usurped.
If killing was all that was needed, then Ram was capable of doing that even right now.
All she had to do was to have her feet wear a blade of wind and decapitate him with the same toil as when she had kicked his face in. Even if he was a Witch Cultist, renowned for being living foulness, if his neck and body were to be sundered he would effectually die.
With a process of retribution, by one who was from the village of the Oni clan which had been burnt to the ground, onto those who had brought about the village’s destruction.
After all, she was aware that the character of the Witch Cult was merely repugnant, being a horde of weak buffoons.
Thus she questioned, in order to kill his heart prior to his life.
Ram: “So? Do you regret it?”
Ley: “ーー~tsu,『Solar Eclipse』~tsu!”
Upon hearing the question for the third time, faint trepidation got mixed in even amongst the hue of blood.
However, he disappeared right before Ram’s eyes, literally in the blink of an eye.
His disappearance wasn’t at a level of merely being movement at high speeds.
The sensation of the face, the body of her opponent beneath her feet, vanished. However, she immediately got an idea about where Batenkaitos had disappeared to.
Ram: “ーー『Clairvoyance』.”
As long as she had the opponent’s field of vision pinned down, nobody could escape from Ram.
“ーーーー”
Following the field of vision visible to her, she pinpointed the location in the spiral staircase where the opponent was. Upon enveloping herself in wind and catching up to that, she discovered the form of a bald old man wearing something akin to a priest’s garb.
That transformation of outward appearance could bewilder and mislead anyone, except for Ram that is.
However, due to the sharing of the field of vision, Ram had conviction that regardless of what form the opponent may have, he was Batenkaitos.
Ram: “It was said that changing form and disguising oneself was『Lust’s』technique, but what other tricks do you possess?”
Ley: “Ah, a~a~a~a~h, shit! Even though there was no intention to use it…… no, even though there was supposed to be none…… ~tsu!”
Ram: “ーー? What are you saying?”
Upon catching up at the spiral staircase, there present was a kneeling old manーー Batenkaitos, as he groaned in agony.
She furrowed her eyebrows upon his attitude, which seemed completely genuine, however, Ram immediately cast aside the resolution of her doubt.
What was momentous, was that the opponent was still alive and breathing, and that his heart had suffered no cracks.
Besidesーー,
Ram: “ーーCannot take too long.”
Though she murmured that to herself, it had already been greater than a minute since Ram had unfastened her great shackleーー though there was some faint burden saddled onto Ram as well, the majority of it was going to Subaru, is what the situation was.
Though she had told Subaru to make minute adjustments, but just as she had conjectured, he was arbitrarily taking up the entirety of Ram’s burden. He would go to any lengths, in order to act cool.
Something like that, he should’ve done just for the sake of those he loved or Rem.
Ram: “ーー. The situation remains unknown to Ram, but are you finally willing to gulp down this side’s demand? Kindly restore everything you have eaten as『Gluttony』up until now. If you do that”
Ley: “……If you do that, then what aye? Are ya proposing ya’d let us off the hook?”
Ram: “No. If you do that, then Ram shall kill you immediately. Is it not a nice deal? All of your qualities that deserve death, you shall be pardoned by having it merely once.”
Ley: “Bwahah.”
Whilst using even an elderly pronoun, Batenkaitos leaked out a similarly elderly laugh.
Observing his conduct, Ram guessed whether this change of formーー that it was perhaps, a necessary procedure in order to use that personage’s ability to its fullest.
Earlier when he had completely disappeared before Ram, that was a technique which should be epitethed as a short-distance spacial leap.
The one who used that must have been the bald old man which Batenkaitos took the form of.
Ram: “But, it is quite strange. If you had this trump card all along, then it wouldn’t have been strange to have used to further earlier. Yet, wonder why you continued to hide it.”
“ーーーー”
Ram: “……Do have a reason why you do not want to use it or such? Like being dragged along by the vessel.”
Ley: “Good gracious…… truly, never’ve we come across a lady this terrifying…… No~pe. Really, nee-sama, you are scary.”
Upon the conjecture through the enchased possibility, the form of the old man slowly changed into a small stature.
That was the affirmation of Ram’s identification, and also evidence of the fact that the transformation did not make the received wounds disappear at the same time. Batenkaitos was bloodstained, his face was spoiled as well.
Ram: “What about your shoulders?”
Ley: “Relocated them by slamming into the wall. Because it’s something that doesn’t go well if done just once, you see~…… it hurts, a~h, it hurts.”
As if confirming the sensation, Batenkaitos greatly gyrated both of his shoulders which he had relocated and healed. Witnessing that, Ram introspected that instead of dislocating his shoulders, she should have slashed his arms off from his shoulders.
Or if she were to crush the ends of his limbs, then she might perhaps crush all of his absurd tricks as well.
Ley: “Both this and that, forestalling what this side’s supposed to do supposed to achieve, everything everything every~thing…… how amazing, nee-sama. Could it be, nee-sama, aren’t you yourself using an Authority like onii-san?”
Ram: “Truly unthinkable. This is merely Ram’s excellent power of insight. Don’t group it together with Barusu’s incomprehensible instinct. It is unpleasant. Kindly die.”
Ley: “A~hahaha~, bitte~r. But but, is that so is that so, guess that’s so.”
Languidly dropping out his torn tongue from his mouth, filled with fangs, Batenkaitos expressed a bloodstained smile. Widening her eyes in guard upon that ominous gesture, Ram let strength flow into her shoulders.
If he made any unusual movementーー no,
Ram: “Before you do anything, kindly have a taste of this.”
Before he could make any unusual movement, Ram opted to blow away the opponent’s limbs with blades of wind.
There existed ways to halt bleeding. There existed no ways to halt pain, but that questioning would resume until and unless he died. Making that judgement, she struck unhesitating blades of wind.
Howeverーー,
Ley: “ーーThe bet, is our win!!”
Whilst basking in the blades on wind, the plump, stout man with an unshaved face jumped towards the rear. The blades of wind which should’ve been able to cleave, rather than merely limbs, even his fat trunk regardless how thick his skin was, were unable to bring about anything but a light tinge of red on the stout man’s skin and were swept off.
Ley: “Nee-sama, wonder if you have a teensy bit of misunderstanding. ーーJust to let you know, you aren’t the only one who’s keeping a watch on the opponent, you know?”
As Ram advanced, believing she mustn’t let that giant get away, that voice was slammed onto her.
The subsequent instant, Ram got her throat slashed by one of the leftover souvenir blades, and her proceed was delayed half a step. Batenkaitos slipped into that interval, of merely half a step,
Ley: “This is our hit, fro~m our approach!!”
The form of the old man disappeared with the speed of a blink of an eye, and the intimidating air of the presence which had appeared right behind her intensified. Granting her not even the time to turn backwards, a mighty fist was hammered into Ram’s side, blowing away her slender figure.
Whilst being hurled away, pronouncing “Ga~h”, Ram glanced and observed that the one who had sweeped and sent her flying was a man with a robust physique and a violent auraーー instantaneously switching the forms of three men, the linkage which utilised their special qualities to their fullestーー,
Ram: “Even so, you do not think that a technique once shown will work agaiーー”
Ley: “Don’t think so. Do not think so. Don’t think so, you know. Don’t think so, indeed. Don’t think so, thus. Exactly because don’t think so. Don’t think so as it’s said!”
The form of the hollering Batenkaitos changed into the old man once again, and covered one of his own eyes with his hand.
Experiencing dread and fright upon his movement, Ram stretched her long legs, promptly kicking the wall, testing to take the position in order to agilely spring at the opponent.
However, she could not make it.
Ley: “We are aware. ーーRem’s nee-sama, cannot continue to move in that fashion without any tricks.”
“ーーーー”
Not Ram’s movement, but Rem’s knowledge had drawn that answer.
Witnessing Ram’s movements, who had transcended the confines of being『Hornless』, Batenkaitos averred that conjecture with resolve, and when Ram returned to the difference in levels in the staircase, he realized that malice.
Namelyーー,
Ley: “Nee-sama, we don’t really want to compare strengths with nee-sama, you kno~w.”
Yes, the cunning smile vanished as if thawing space.
Temporally instantaneous mobility brought forth by short distance distortion of spaceーー upon that being executed consecutively, withdrawing from the battlefield was a simple, easy matter. Though she hadn’t expected him to respectably fight until death without giving in.
Ram: “Quick to decide escaping. No, rather than thatーー”
If he was aware of Ram’s『Clairvoyance』, then he would not think he would be able to simply levant.
The reason why he took distance whilst knowing that, was because he had realised the time restriction placed onto Ram. And, though vexing, Ram had been made to lose a considerable amount of time.
The burden placed onto Subaru shall exceed a minute in duration.
As quickly as possible, she must discover the whereabouts of Batenkaitos, who had escaped into the tower.
By the time those thoughts dawned upon her, she took notice.
That, that Sin Archbishop, a clod of malice, shall not slip into the tower simply for the purpose of escaping.
He was familiar with what the greatest medium of tormenting Ram, whom he was confronting, would be.
That wasーー,
Ram: “ーーRem.”
At last, the field of vision of the evil overlapped with Ram’s field of vision, in grasp once again.
Reflected therein was the tail of a black earth dragon, scurrying with the『Sleeping Beauty』atop itself.

  ※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※


Chapter 84
ーーShe remembered, anything and everything being scorched, engulfed in red, scarlet flames.
The decadencing days, calm and stagnant, met an abrupt end.
Before that insanic violence, even the title of strongest Demi-Humans, even the position of the most feared headman in the village, even the ubiquitous love of parents who protected their child, all held no purport.
It was regrettable, that she had been late to take notice of the slaughter’s rampancy.
ーーNo, this time, perhaps the tactfulness of the opponent was worthy of praise.
They were detested, shunned, ostracised by the world.
Therefore, they lurked in darkness, erased their presence, silenced their noise, and had knowledge of techniques to draw near unnoticed.
It would be correct to say, that at the point of the first ambush, victory and defeat had already been incised.
Faint quiescence was mingled into the atmospheric mana, by the time her horn had sensed that aberration, it had already been far too late.
First, half of the village persons had been retrenched initially, leaving less than half of those capable of battle. Adding to that, further half of those had not come about, due to the exigent nature of pondering whether they had been mistaken.
To summarize, their hearts had been putrefied by peace and harmony.
The Oni clan, once named as the strongest Demi-Humans, even said to have been capable of bringing about change in the state of affairs of the Kingdom of Lugnica if they had taken part in the『Demi-Human War』ーー even had the “If” of that history occurred for the argument’s sake, the Oni clan unmistakably wouldn’t have bore great results either.
Anyhow, the half that had been abated by the first assault, were further reduced to another half by the following second assault.
By that point, blazes arose throughout the village, by the time death wails resounded into the night sky illuminated scarlet, all of the Onis in the village had inferred the aberration.
However, in those moments, only two had perceived so much as the fall of the Oni clanーー,
“ーーRam! Break out of the siege! It’s fine as long as you alone stay alive!!”
With two enlarged gigantic horns, her elder cried with all muscles of his body bulked up.
Her elder, carrying the longsword he specialised in, leapt out of the room, and vented that at Ram, as she slashed the ordinary combatants down using wind. Telling her to stay alive, but that was not because he possessed disquietude regarding Ram.
For it had been her elder who believed with the greatest undiscerning honesty, that Ram herself was the promising, dazzling, gleaming future of the Oni clan.
The reincarnation of the former glory of the Oni clan, the『Oni God』who had advanced domination and conquest in the era of the『Witch』.
That was the role expected of the prodigy named Ram, and must’ve been his ardent wish as the final patriarch of the Oni clan, which had all but forgotten battling.
“Hah ~hk!”
She felt like laughing it off with an exhale, finding it to be just ludicrous.
Even in this age, did the wish of the Oni who represented the village refer to entrusting the realization of an impossible dream to the future. He could nimbly consolidate his comrades, attempt to launch a counterattack at the enemy, the options he possessed for taking action were countless.
However, Ram did not intend to offer that as advice to the patriarch.
This night was not the cause.
For Ram had already, since a long time in the past, turned her back towards her tribe.
“Something like the glory of the Onis……”
Worthless. Worthless. Worthless.
Even the reality that the purest blood of that Oni clan was flowing within her, was repulsive.
Certainly, upon wishing for strength her blood boiled, enhancement reigned over her entire body, a sense of omnipotence as if the entirety of all and everything existed for her sake appeased her.
The truth was that had Ram grown into adulthood healthily, then that sense of omnipotence might have become genuine.
However, Ram did not wish for that.
Within this confined world, rather than putting on airs as the child of god, Ram had a future she seeked to choose.
It was, instead of being lionised as the reincarnation of the Oni God et cetera, instead of spending her lifetime as a shrine for her blood relatives who resumed to cling to a glory already met by ruin, something possessing far more worth.
ーーIt was, to live as the ■ ■, of ■■■.
“ーーーー”
Centralising her attention to her forehead, she encompassed the mana scintillating with heat into her entire body through her white horn.
Upon praying for it with might, Ram’s perception greatly, immensely magnified, hijacking the field of vision of all that was breathing and living in her environs, she grasped all happenings of the confined village with perfection.
The number of enemies was large, and they had taken positions encircling the village ensuring escape was improbable.
Correspondence at the first instance had been delayed, the only ones who had been able to oppose properly were the half of half, and they too had lost numbers such that the remaining ones could be counted on one hand, indicating the exhaustion of the Oni clan’s spirit.
One person, the elder seemed to be making strenuous efforts and battling, but the enemies who had assembled there were quite well-trainedーー the traces of the elder, as he fell into disadvantage, were enveloped in rich『Death』.
“ーー■■■.”
Cladding her small body in wind, Ram bolted through the village as if a gale.
What those lips enounced, referred to her one and only ■, whom she loved even within the slightest thought. This was not Ram’s heartlessness. She was simply renewing her consciousness.
For Ram’s parents had been within the first half of people assaulted, and no longer had any hope of their lives being saved.
ーーNever had she detested her parents.
However, both of them, for better or worse, had been born into this village, had been members of the Oni clan who chose to die within this village, and had unmindfully accepted a rather lenient perish was what she believed.
Hence, for them to lose their lives on this night was a certain kind of inevitability.
Howeverーー,
“ーーThis does not mean, they will not be avenged.”
The black shadow obstructing her way, the enemy with its entire frame clad in a robe.
Towards the underlings wielding and romping with the cross-shaped daggers, Ram delivered an unfaltering wind.
Whether they had made light of her as a mere child, or if they simply lacked ability.
Failing to accept Ram’s wind blades, the black shadows proceeded to be slashed down from one to the next, giving an atrocious rise to dead bodies in great count. Even then, Ram enveloped herself in wind and resumed her slaughter, as if dancing within the flares.
Should it be likened to, then perhaps it had indeed appeared as if a glamorous pirouette.
However, in reality, with the swing of an arm Ram robbed life, and each time she made what had shape disappear, dark joy cried for exultation through her youthful mind.
Kill more, so it howled, vehemently.
Her inner oneself urged her, to pillage blood, flesh, bones, soul, life.
This evening was not the first time she had lent her ears to that appeal.
ーーSince in the distant past, since the moment she had taken birth, precisely this voice allured her upon the slightest interlude.
It sought the awakening of her inner oneself, apprising her to entrust her life, to her blood, her flesh, her bones, her soul.
It appealed to her, that she could kill far more, that she could destroy far more.
Ram seemingly couldn’t comprehend, about simply what was so wonderful about this.
Neither the elder, nor her parents, no one, could comprehend this. Ram did not even feel inclined towards conveying about this, to those who sought of her a duty which departed from her being Ram.
It appeared as if she was being controlled by her horn.
Had she not possessed a firm self, her youthful persona would’ve gotten easily swallowed, demolished, and precisely then she surely would have become the reincarnation of the Oni God in accordance with the desires of her surroundings.
However, she did not become that way. The reason beingーー,
“ーー■-chan!!”
Called by a shrill voice, upon turning back there she saw ■■■, irradiated by the blaze.
During that instant, a surging wind dispelled the obstructive crowd of black shadows away, blowing them away into fragments in one go.
And, making haste, Ram headed to ■■■.
“■■■……”
Gaze pervaded with fright, with no strength in legs, ■■■ had collapsed at that spot.
Extending her hand to her beloved ■, she helped stand up. In accordance with the elder’s wish, Ram must survive. However, not by herself, but together with ■■■.
ーーThat, had been the instant.
Ascertaining ■■■’s safety, for but a moment, she let her guard down.
By the time she took notice of the presences, she had been encircled, a situation arduous to make even an escape route through. By herself, it would not be impossible. However, if she alone were to survive, then that would be no different from dying.
She possessed no choice but to, come what may, break through the situation.
For that purpose, she shall unfasten all shackles sealing her might, and impel an enraged wind towards the enemyーー,
“ーーーー”
That must have been an interval within her heart, sired by the sense of omnipotence she abhorred.
The black shadow slipped through the blades of wind, the single burnish it fired tenaciously afflicted her forehead, her field of vision fulminating.
Reclining due to the enormous impact, whilst tasting an excruciating sense of loss, Ram gazed.
Steadily, swiveling, towards the scarlet night illuminated by the blaze scorching the village to nowt, gyrating, a white horn soared.
Apprehending that was her own horn, her slim throat gave way to a screech, begotten by agony and sense of loss.
Whilst screeching, however alongside, Ram detected.
Ever since she had been born, that voice which continued to eat into Ram, had become inaudible.
Ah, so it was something that simple, she thought, being amused by her own imbecility.
Whilst watching the horn paint a parabola into the scarlet nightーー,
  ーーAh, it finally broke.
  So spoke, her mind.
    △▼△▼△▼△
  ーーDevoutly, fervidly, the black earth dragon absconded from the field of vision she shared through『Clairvoyance』.
On its back was the young girl, bound to be Ram’s cherished other half.
One of her wings, unremembered, absent, having bequeathed merely a gaping void of lossーー,
Ram: “ーーRem.”
Apprehending what meaning this held, Ram’s heart tremoured with rage.
Though exasperating to admit, Ram had managed to regain a part of her strength of heyday owing to Subaru’s cooperation, and that potency had overpowered the Sin Archbishop of『Gluttony』, Ley Batenkaitos, slowly cornering him into disadvantage.
Ram herself could affirm that in terms of simply killing him, she had attained a countless amount of opportunities.
However, the vexatious Authority he had been endowed with, the existence of the power and ability to eat the『Memories』and『Name』of the opponent made Ram hesitate in imprudently taking the life of that blasphemer.
A judgement compelled by, not kindliness, but necessity. But, the result remained the way it was, the result.
Resultantly, Batenkaitos freely utilised his Authority and made a safe escape before Ram, and with the same momentum, headed to secure Rem’s person, Ram’s other half.
His aim was obviousーー because he possessed conviction that he shan’t win, even if he were to uprightly battle Ram.
Fighting face to face, and upon the instance of discerning drawback, withdrawing and altering the way of action.
Sin Archbishops were no warriors. They were existences who acted with avarice for the sole purpose of fulfilling their own desires, possessing not a single reason to be concerned with what path ought to be taken for victory.
Thus, he plotted revenge against Ram who had made him taste humiliation, and to further curtail the time limit placed onto the hornless Ram using Rem’s『Memories』which he had stolen as basis.
Infuriatingly, that strategy was the optimum solution.
Should he seize and gain control of Rem’s person, he could incapacitate Ram with ease.
Even should that not be, should he buy any more time then this camp’s war potential would suffer an immense loss. With the flow of time, her chances of victory diminished.
Henceーー,
Ram: “Must catch up to Patrasche, as soon as possible.”
Fortunately, Patrasche, whom Rem had been entrusted to, was a Ground Dragon so intelligent, it could be said that amongst the battle array assembled within this tower, it was second only to Julius.
Subaru and Beatrice had foibles, and Echidna and Meili had far too many unknown aspects to them. Those like Emilia, who brandished an air of being unreliable, were outrageous.
And though complicated, Batenkaitos was evidently tormenting Patrasche.
Despite being capable of running it down in an instant at simply the thought of running it down, Batenkaitos had intentionally waned his onslaught, cultivating an interval through his pursuit, and had been taking joy in a hunt emaciating his prey.
All for the sake of sharing his field of vision, and scorching this spectacle into Ram’s memory.
She could no longer allow him to take any further arbitrary action as per he pleasedーー,
Ram: “ーーAh.”
It had been the moment she was enveloping herself in wind, seeking to break into a sprint.
Her field of vision, aiming for the floor above the spiral staircase obfuscated, and for an instant,『Clairvoyance』came undone. Whilst maintaining the projection of Batenkaitos’ field of vision in her right eye, preserving her own field of vision in her left eye, the scenery blurred further.
That was not all. The heavy exhaustion she could not feel till now, and the gyp and affliction as if her organs were being churned by an invisible hand, descended upon Ram herself.
That was, indubitably, the effect of weariness Ram was ordinarily made to taste.
What Subaru a bombasted he shall take over through some kind of an Authority, the indemnification bound to eternally eat into the『Hornless』Ramーー it, rebounded towards Ram.
What dawned upon her forthwith, was the possibility of Subaru having died, vainly and uncouthly.
However, she could judge that wasn’t the case due to the lightness of the burden rebounding onto Ram. Though merely for a few minutes, taking the might Ram had brought forth into account, its indemnification shan’t be this meagre.
It was supposed to be such agony that it should be no peculiarity even if she were to literally vomit blood and oscillate.
The fact that that had not occurred, though an unforeseen circumstance had taken shape, implied Subaru had not unreservedly withdrawn from the war front.
Otherwise, a progression of events entirely contrasting the occured happenings also came to her mind.
Namely, a disaster which Subaru was obliged to take up had occurred onto someone else’s body, beyond the burden of Ram’s body.
Ram: “Beatrice-sama or Meili, knight Julius……”
Her mind drifted in that direction, but affirming that answer held no significance.
What was momentous was that it had now become onerous for Ram to bring forth the might akin to what she had earlier, which had succeeded in overpowering Batenkaitos. ーーIn terms of shackles, merely one was unfastened.
Should she strain herself, it would be feasible for her to unfasten the second one, though that too couldn’t be persevered for more than a few tenfold of seconds.
Thus, in this plight, would she truly even be able to win against Ley Batenkaitosーー,
Ram: “Why become so weak-kneed. ーーThere is no choice, but to follow the plan for winning.”
Even whilst she was spending her time this way, the possibility of her camp’s victory continued to be diminished.
Now for once, nearly missing her step, Ram stepped on the steps and darted upwards of the spiral staircase.
ーーWhilst feeling the void of absence throb, sensing as if she had also, in the past, whilst panting, chased after her younger sister being pursued, just like this.
  △▼△▼△▼△
  “ーーDodogyuuun!”
???: “Haha~! Truly, it sure is ni~ce! You sure are doing your best holding out, despite being just a Ground Dragon, hu~h!”
Whilst continuing to lacerate its scales through the casted daggers, he commended the black Ground Dragon scampering through the narrow aisle.
It was bleeding through the slashed and gouged wounds, painful to even look at, however, the Ground Dragon decisively made a prudent escape, completely discarding its own conditions for victory.
The『Divine Protection of Wind Evasion』was a hallmark belonging to all species of Ground Dragons.
As long as the Ground Dragon resumed running, a large part of the adversity of external factors such as wind or footholding was nullified, affirming the deed of “Running” in order to achieve an objective.
Its grace also subsumed the carriage fastened to the ground dragon, or its rider.
In other words, the reason why the『Sleeping Beauty』, in an unconscious state, bound and fastened to its saddle had not been ejected off yet, mostly owed to the influence of the『Divine Protection of Wind Evasion』.
Had it been absent, the『Sleeping Beauty』surely would have already fallen into the hands of Batenkaitos.
Ley: “Amazing amazing, gallant gallant ~tsu! Despite all the hindrances done here and there in your dash so far, you sure have the nerve to still not halt your feet and keep holding out. Well, if you halt your feet then the『Divine Protection of Wind Evasion』will be rescinded, and we get the reason why you’d be so desperate, but you kno~w!”
“ーーDodogyuuun!”
Ley: “Ground Dragons, aren’t they nice, they’re indefatigable, and are devoted to their masters. Surely, had you been a human, we think you would’ve certainly made for one mouth-watering platter for us of『Gourmet』~tsu! But, but but, butbutbutbutbutbutbut! Though lamentable, our stomach can’t get filled by a Ground Dragon ~tsu!”
In possession of will, in possession of a soul, in possession of『Memories』, in possession of a『Name』.
Nevertheless, the Authority of『Gluttony』couldn’t eat『That』, belonging to all which nowise was human.
Thus, Batenkaitos could not adore and cherish the Ground Dragon directly confronting an enemy onerous to oppose with such desperation and earnestness, through what was the greatest medium of doing so for himself.
Despite him drooling over simply how delicious it seemed, he could not eat it.
That was, as though a meal illustrated onto a painting with the utmost supreme paintbrush. ーーRice cakes illustrated onto a picture couldn’t be eaten, though a phraseology like that did seem as if something he had come across.
Ley: “A~h, that’s it that’s it! That’s completely it! When the stomach is feeling so hungry and hungry and hungry and hungry and hungry and nothing can be done ~tsu! Something like the drawing of food this delicious looking is just letting live and then killing. Isn’t this completely what’s called child abuse ~tsu!?”
Whilst resuming his pursuit of the sprinting Ground Dragon, he spouted the clod of blood clogged within his nose.
In the immediately previous battle, his face had suffered damage, and his left eye ball was gurgling as if its retina had been shattered. His fangs marred, his tongue torn, blood ceaselessly cascaded down to his jaw, but, none of it mattered.
ーーContemplating that Ram, at present, was viewing this spectacle, his deepermost heart pulsated.
Ley: “Nee-sama isーー”
Pure, noble, perfect, an impeccable being concocted devoid of flaws.
That was what the『Memories』slumbering within Batenkaitos implored, and also believably his rational appraisal after having being half-killed, unable to undertake any resistance.
Against a serious Ram, Batenkaitos shan’t be able to compete. ーーNo, plausibly, whichever Sin Archbishop may it be, they would all get easily killed with a twist of serious Ram’s finger.
Though possibly Regulus, he might have been able to put up a fight due to the absolute nature of his Authorityーー,
Ley: “We~ll, there’s no way that idiot could kill nee-sama anyway, you kno~w. At most, if she couldn’t kill him then she wouldn’t have killed him, but ended it by just dropping him down the Great Waterfall or something, isn’t it.”
Even without having to kill, there existed countless ways of confinement.
Precisely how the『Witch of Envy』failed to die even to the hands of the Three Heroes, and was imprisoned in the Evil Sealing Stone Shrine at present as well.
In other words, no matter whatーー,
Ley: “For providing hospitality to the greatest, perfect nee-sama, we must arrange for suitable preparation as well or it’ll be quite rude is what it’s about you kno~w!”
Dilating his unsteady left eye, Batenkaitos expressed a melancholic smile dripping blood.
Though the Ground Dragon’s velocity was considerable, indoors it was merely inutile treasure. Much less, since Batenkaitos was capable of chauffeuring across space through a method of traipsing making practical use of『Memories』throughout times, even entirely nullifying the distance opened in between.
Ley: “As nee-sama’s little sister, must grow up without any embarrassment.”
With a rising sense of purpose seated in his chest, Batenkaitos hauled the『Memories』in the depths of oneself.
The Authority of『Gluttony』, in its types existed an ability called『Eclipse』. It could concisely be classified into two parts,『Solar Eclipse』and『Lunar Eclipse』, but its use was extraordinarily difficult.
『Lunar Eclipse』was a phenomenon wherein the moon was visible as waned. ーーOn one hand, it referred to hauling out the『Memories』of the eaten opponents, and recreating them in Batenkaitos’ own flesh body.
Normally, Batenkaitos browsing multifarious『Memories』, combining them, and practically utilising them as a hyper-level synthesis, could be stated as this『Lunar Eclipse’s』specialty.
On the other hand,『Solar Eclipse』was a phenomenon wherein the sun was visible as waned. ーーDenoting here, a technique wherein not simply the『Memories』of eaten opponents, but to cover oneself with their existence itself, utilising them in accordance with their original specs.
Naturally, the primal bodies of the techniques’ masters served with greater might for having a good command on those techniques.
However, upon transforming the flesh body into that of the opponent, there lied the fear of sustaining far too mighty influence of the opponent’s mind, having the possibility of it resonating on a sizeable scale in the future. Hence, unless a rigorous state of affairs, Batenkaitos or Alphard did not make heavy use of these.
What Ley Batenkaitos and Roy Alphard principally excercised was『Lunar Eclipse』.
What Louis Arneb principally exercised was『Solar Eclipse』. ーーIt remained as a last resort which Louis could buoyantly utilise for she owned no flesh body of her own, and possessed no firm self.
However, half-killed in his battle with Ram, the moment he reconstructed『Leaper』Dorkell in order to survive, Batenkaitos shattered the shell.
Acquiring a command of『Solar Eclipse』, which he had not utilised until now due to being apprehensive of losing his self, he had discovered a technique of maintaining a firm oneself.
He could now, better than before, with perfection and devoid of waste, enjoy the main dish named the『Life』of the opponent.
Ley: “To grow in the midst of battle, is something which originally wouldn’t have ever happened to a senile old fool like me, yeah. Haha ~tsu! This sure as heck’s a masterpiece! Ain’t that right, nee-sama!” 
Thanks to having established a tenacious self, he felt abundantly refreshed.
He wanted to properly show this awakened condition of himself to the wonderful nee-sama. For that purpose as well, he must opt for a method which exhorts her hatred even further.
Scent of rage, flavour of rage, texture of rage, full course of rage.
Should he not, with all of his might, surfeit the entirety of what he could experience through someone beloved, just what of him would be『Gourmet』.
Henceforth, to『His Self』atop of the Ground Dragon’s spine before his eyes, he shallーー,
Ley: “Speaking of, it’s something that’s never been done before, unexpectedly. Killing oneself by oneself, wonder if this would also make for discovery of new sense of values, you know.”
“ーーDodogyuuun!!”
The instant he winked the world altered, due to the short distance spacial leap.
The Ground Dragon, erupting a screech from the depths of its throat, was flabbergasted by Batenkaitos’ arrival, who was supposed to be in the rear, and attempted to run past him directly horizontally without halting its legs.
Gallant, truly gallant. However, gallantness served to be nothing but a spice of the tragedies in future.
Ley: “ーーPalm of the Fist King.”
The oscillating strike of the fist, vigorously stabbed into the Ground Dragon’s flank.
Ordinarily, the strike would be fired by Batenkaitos’ petite stature, but that wasn’t how it was for Batenkaitos who had been awakened by witnessing the abyss of death, and had acquired novel strength by shattering the shell.
Neiji Rockhardt’s original body, drilled and penetrated the impact through the Ground Dragon’s torso.
The fist of the Fist King which had vanquished even enormous full-body armours in countless fights to the death, in the Gladiator Island.
Basking its potency, the Ground Dragon exuded a voice suggesting fatality, and was vehemently bashed into the aisle’s wall. However, the Ground Dragon continued to shield the young girl atop itself, from the fist, from the wall, from the floor, and from its own build as well.
Tenderly catching the body of the plummeting young girl with its extended tail, it gently dropped her off on the floor of the aisle.
Though supposed to be a female animal, its handling was with such smartness, all gentlemen could follow it as an example.
Involuntarily, even Batenkaitos couldn’t help but applaud.
Ley: “How~eve~r~ ~tsu! Even if you’re to gently lay down on the floor and everything, hereafter the head will courteously be chopped off, and it will become a present for nee-sama, hopefully you do understand.”
“ーーDodogyuuun!!”
Ley: “Alright alright, no violence no violence, it’s praise for doing your best.”
Even whilst toppling sideways, the Ground Dragon attempted to crunch him, whom he kicked into the jaws upwards.
Though he seemed to nearly tear up upon its will and maximal of efforts, regrettably, Batenkaitos and the Ground Dragon were mutual enemies. Even if he could extol its heroic endeavours, they could never look up toward the same sky of triumph.
Should one side be victorious, another side shall be defeated. Though lamentable, that was what is called reality.
Ley: “Let’s! Firmly ~tsu! Bear! That! In! Mind! Okay!”
A pause per word, a scrupulous clamour, he knocked that into the black Ground Dragon.
He must’ve now etched, alongside agony, a lesson into the crouched Ground Dragon, with shattered cheekbones and forelegs. Fortunately, Batenkaitos could not eat the『Memories』of the Ground Dragon.
Thus, nor did he hold any reason to rob its life. He wished for them to both remember this day, together.
What remained wasーー,
Ley: “For nee-sama’s sake, by Rem’s hand, nee-sama’s precious Rem shall be……”
???: “ーーStop pronouncing such eerie things.”
The moment immediately following the echo of the unyielding voice, his face, dangling above and towards Rem, was potently repelled.
The face raised upon the reverberating voice, it had accepted the direct hit of two heels approaching from the immediate front. Subsequently repelled to the rear, Batenkaitos glided through the floor on his back.
Andーー,
Ley: “A~hahahahaha~…… so you finally were kind enough to catch up, nee-sama. We…… huh? We…… Us……? ーーRem and we all, had been awaiti~ng.” 
Steadily, he got up from a sprawled posture through merely the strength of his feet.
And upon gazing at the facade of his beloved other half, he observed Ram making an expression as if her first instance of witnessing something.
Ram: “……In this short while, you certainly became considerably ugly.”
    △▼△▼△▼△
  Ram: “……In this short while, you certainly became considerably ugly.”
That had been Ram’s candid impression, having caught up to a terribly foul and malevolent game of tag.
Batenkaitos’ field of vision remaining in her grasp, Ram had headed to the locus dragging her flesh body in a state of incomplete liberation, placing her trust in Patrasche’s tremendous efforts.
In that aisle shorty distant from the spiral staircase in the fourth layer, she had discovered the form of the Ground Dragon which had been tormented to the point of triturating, and Rem who had been put to sleep by its side.
And, the one who had been playing tag with Remーー,
Ley: “Ugly you say, nee-sama is crue~l…… we, so much, so much, so much you kno~w! Cherish nee-sama so much ~tsu so much somuchmuchmuchmuchmuch.”
Unascertained, his articulation revolved, speech and conduct of reason disarrayed into fragments.
The cause surely being it inducing abnormality onto his mind, Ram couldーー no, perhaps anyone could comprehend that with a single glimpse.
For Batenkaitos’ form, was in an equally distorted condition.
Ley: “ーーーー”
Reconstructing the hauled『Memories』in his flesh body, and facsimiling the shape and form of that opponent was supposed to be Batenkaitos’ ace in the hole, as she had priorly witnessed.
However, it seemed to be a forbidden card for Batenkaitos as well, and the form of『Gluttony』before Ram’s eyes, was any amongst all of the hauled『Memories』, yet none.
They were blended together, flabbily.
With a part of the bald old man who had leaped through space, with a part of the corpulent giant who had taken no damage from Ram’s blade of wind, with a part of the martial artist endowed with combat ability reaching holy precincts, as well as the physical features of variegated and profuse other humans, composed the ghastly, ominous appearance of his body.
The length of his right hand and left hand, the size of his hands was dissimilar, tactlessly, even parts of his face were disparate and appeared as if referring to that of someone else.
The remaining traits of the former Batenkaitos, if anything, was the expression of his eyes but even that may have become a borrowed article by now.
And, it rather seemed that Batenkaitos himself remained ignorant to this distorted circumstance.
Ley: “ーー?”
Batenkaitos had now come to be something, that was nobody.
Before all else, an existence who resumed to specialise ransacking the『Memories』of others, may have been deficient in having a firm foundation of what is called self. That being the cause of origin, he broke.
And what had taken birth in lieu was aーー,
Ram: “ーーMonster posing as Rem. To be truthful, never has Ram been this infuriated.”
Whilst glancing down onto the face of younger sister, whom she knew as fragments burying the damaged place of belonging, Ram embraced revulsion for Batenkaitos who had appended her traits in a part of his face as well.
Impressive how he could provoke someone with such precision.
Subaru and him would have made for a good competition of who could irritate more.
Ram: “You did wonderfully, Patrasche. Take Rem, and stand back.”
“Dodogyuuun”
With even its responding voice frail, she covered for a bleeding Patrasche to the rear.
Whilst dragging its large build, Patrasche held Rem’s nape in its mouth and withdrew. Seeking to keep distance from the battlefield hereon, butーー,
Ley: “That shan’t do~, nee-sama. That is a valuable hors d’oeuvre…… because before surfeiting the main dish, garnishing is indispensable, you seーー”
Ram: “ーーKindly die.”
Lifting her leg up to her head, she commenced her sprint with her palm turned towards the face seeking to state an irrational line of argument.
The blade of wind swirling therein, was a minute storm concealing the potency to tear up everything atop of the opponent’s neck into shreds. ーーWith the matter having come this far, Ram abdicated holding back.
As a result of having tormented him without killing him, searching for a way to restore『Memories』, she had endangered Rem’s person, and as a matter of fact had invited a situation wherein Patrasche sustained immense injuries.
Ram shall accept the weight of that truth. ーーShe must offer her heaviest apologies, to Subaru.
And, in order to never repeat that err, she realized her intent to kill.
Even if she were to take the earlier utterance of a destroyed mind into account, the possibility of gaining a decent answer from Batenkaitos was slim. Putting two and two together, this opt seemed correct.
Crushing Batenkaitos, and taking the burden of her flesh body back from Subaru.
On top of that, returning Patrasche and Rem to the Green Room, and Ram should likely head to back someone else.
That was how far her plans went.
Ram: “ーーーー”
On the brink of tearing his face apart with the storm, Ram gazed at the yielded alteration, in awe.
It was not anything else. Once again, change had been generated in Batenkaitos’ outward appearance, that was all.
However, for nobody but Ram, that had been an alteration difficult to let pass.
ーーOn the forehead, of that face wherein a plurality of features had assembled, a single white horn was summoned.
Ram: “That is……”
Truly, from the bottom of her heart, had she been moving by her instincts, she shall vail before him.
For in their entirety, Batenkaitos’ deeds had been nothing but exasperating Ram.
Ley: “ーーNee-sama.”
That moment in time, with certainty, by a face the same as that of Rem’s, by a voice which seemingly nobody Rem would vocalise, she was called.
Subsequently, Batenkaitos’ behemoth arm hammered a strike, into Ram’s petrified face.
    △▼△▼△▼△
  It was not, fatal.
However, neither was it a hit light enough to be optimistic about.
Her skull and brain undulating, blood cascaded down her nose.
Her underfoot becoming unsteady regardless of the floor, was the proof of her having sustained enormous damage and injury.
And, the one to have brought it forth, a touchingly lovely young girl with an amiable countenance and blue hairーー seeming a jest as it were, in this site had assembled three faces of the same aura.
Ley: “Please do cry, nee-sama.”
Wafting the ambiance of the plead, whilst inducing tears into those pale blue eyes, his fist swung.
In but a single strike, the impact entered into her bone medullas, or even the soul present in their depths.
Ley: “Please do get angry, nee-sama.”
Her face lowered once her abdomen was bludgeoned, and a punch impaled into her jaw. Though her tongue survived being crunched, her abdomen was bludgeoned once again and she was thrown backwards, falling prey to consecutive elbows into her cranium.
Ley: “Please do laugh, nee-sama.”
The deep affection that voice was subsumed in, abraded Ram’s heart with each word.
Rem, who had always continued to sleep within Ram’s cognisance. Her robbed younger sister, with her『Memories』erased, whom she was supposed to always be beside yet she wasn’t, anywhere.
She had been looking forward to being called by her for the first time, after her eyes opened, one day, eventually.
Though would Ram have regained the memories of her younger sister at that time, she did not know.
Even if they did not return, even if they did return, her words at that time, would surely be special like a baby’s cry.
That was now beingーー,
Ley:
“Please cry.” “Please get angry.” “Please laugh.” “Please suffer.” “Please smile.” “Please ache.” “Please be sullen.” “Please get excited.” “Please be bashful.” “Please sleep.” “Please blush.” “Please take umbrage.” “Please be surprised.” “Please wish well.”
“Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.” “Nee-sama.”
Ram: “Don’tーー ~hk.”
Refer to her that way, as she was about to cry those words out, her mouth was plugged by the sole of his palm, rendering her unable to voice.
The monster given rise to by Ram, in the final stageーー his ability and strength, was immense and overwhelming.
He possessed no hesitancy. He possessed no restraints in what he hauled out. He possessed no awareness that he was losing himself. Yet, never did he sunder his form, from that of Ram’s precious other half.
Heedless of the moon and the sun being obscured, the darkness had painted『Gluttony』with flawless perfection.
Of course, Ram did not get complacent either. She made efforts to counterstrike.
Unfastening her shackles until the limit of what Subaru could shoulder, leaping over the limitation she had levied on herself that she shan’t use her strength greater than for a few tens of seconds, devoting strength capable of ending life with certainty this time.
It stood no chance. Seemingly, none of it could contend against him.
Ley: “Nee-sama, nee-sama, such an expression seems unbefitting of nee-sama.”
Ram: “ーー~hk.”
A fist by her younger sister, with tapered lips and a dependant expression, made her correct her blunder.
Her face perforated and knocked off, crashing into the wall behind, Ram somehow wielded the pride of not collapsing before the blasphemer. However, at present, that alone took the entirety of Ram’s might, this being the condition she was in.
Just how much time had passed since she had commenced fighting this monster.
Ten seconds, twenty seconds, she had unmistakably far exceeded the time limit she had initially established. The time she felt sensation of held no purport, and the flexibility to count the actual time passed, nonexistent.
However, whether escape had been possible or not was what was utmost portentous.
Carrying through as a substitute doll which sustained all attacks, she had supported Patrasche and Rem’s retreat.
Perhaps that was what her objective had been, but due to pummeled in the head far too many times, even that she couldn’t recall with precision.
Her body was heavy. Her breath was worn. Her head aching, her throat parched, her limbs numb, the old wound on her forehead surging blood forth. From the colourless, white scar, blood rivulet down her face as if a longitudinal slash.
Ley: “ーーSomething so unclean, that shan’t do.”
The face traced with blood, was slammed yet again by the fist.
Bathing in the single strike, her body slid, and at last her knees lost their capacity to bear her body weight. Within the interval as she proceeded to topple sideways, a faint voice saying “No” split through in between, and a kick was fired.
Defencelessly receiving it by her chest, Ram crashed into the wall whilst her breastbone creaked.
Before one could take notice, the Pleiades Watchtower, supposed to be a firm existence, parted with its sturdiness and had altered into what had resilience befitting of mere raw material.
In other words, basking in the outrage and assault against Ram alongside, the wall shattered at last.
Ram rended through the stone wall and collapsed into the opposite side of the aisle.
Thick plumes of dust shrouded her environs, as she violently coughed up blood and something of floury texture. That very instant, her broken bones and shattered flesh commenced a great orchestra of screeches, each striving to be the greatest.
Turning her head, she attempted to confirm exactly what location had she been pummeled into.
Ram: “ーーAh.”
A muffled, husky breath spilled escaped out of her.
It may have been one mixed with despondency, or deficit sentiment.
In Ram’s line of sight, ahead of the aisle she had collapsed into, were the figures of Patrasche and Rem.
At a distance of a few tens of metres at bestーー the time Ram had bought had been markedly prolonged than the anguish Ram had tasted, being ten seconds which merely felt overlong.
Ley: “Nee-sama, nee-sama, are you unhurt?”
Barefacedly enquiring about her safety, without treading across the shattered wall, Batenkaitos took a detour of the aisle and headed towards her.
Ad interim, whilst hugging her arm, Ram somehow stood up at her place.
Entrusting her body onto the wall, the decrepit Patrasche and her mutually exchanged glances.
“ーーDodogyuuun”
Ram: “……Yes, it is understood. Once everything is over, let us chastise Barusu together.”
The truth was, she was unaware of what Patrasche had stated.
However, the fact that the black Ground Dragon made no effort for revision, was proof that Ram’s response had been unmistaken.
Ram: “ーーーー”
Ram’s judgement, she was compelled to acquiesce it had backfired.
The fact that she did not kill Batenkaitos at the foremost, that developed to be the trigger for everything.
Attempting to rectify that err, she had waged combat aiming to instantaneously take his life this time, but Batenkaitos, having survived from the brink of death, ultimately resorted to what was the optimum solution for him.
Consequently, with her asleep younger sister’s living body laid hold of, Ram, as she plummeted into turmoil, faced onslaught.
She had used up all of the cards she possessed in her hand, and the card she pulled turned traitor to her as well.
Though Ram had awareness of being outstripping in multitudes of facets, she also possessed awareness of being helplessly dearth regarding one particular facet.
ーーThe serendipity of time.
Ever since the day she had her horn slashed off, and had failed the way of the Oni clan, that remained unswerving.
Above all, she did possess much attachment to its way. For Ram herself had been the one to find it utmost objectionable in the whole world.
Yet, as fate would have it, she couldn’t help but long for having her horn now.
ーーNo, that would not be veracious. Speaking with precision, she did have the horn itself.
The horn itself, presently was with Ram, within her reach. The wand of her habitual use which she always carried with herselfーー in that wand’s foundation, Ram’s broken horn was being utilised.
The horn was a crucial organ that efficiently congregated Mana required by the tenacious bodies of the Oni clan members.
Therefore, as a catalyst for exercising magic, there existed not another article which Ram was further accustomed to.
For that purpose, Roswaal had taken the pains of retrieving the horn, and had custom made this wand.
Whether in the wand or on her forehead, simply differing positions of the horn, made so immense of aーー,
So immense of aーー,
Ram: “ーーーー”
Incidentally, whilst pondering over her horn, a particular thought levitated in Ram’s mind.
The consequence of Ram mobilising her knowledge in order to connect possibilities of defeating this situation, through contemplating about the presence and absence of her horn, as well as the truth that she had once overwhelmed Batenkaitos.
Ram, whose horn was broken, and Rem, who remained asleep.
The latter concerned with consequence, but with regards the former. ーーWhy, did Roswaal retrieve Ram.
Ram was au courant of the duty Roswaal sought of her.
She was also mindful of what scheme Roswaal was seeking to carry out in its course.
Ram had also heard that she was necessary for that purpose, that it would be natural once the time arrived, and that he was aware of the means for it.
Thus, Ram purposively intended not to inquire into it until the time arrived.
However, in these moments levitated a thought necessary for Ram herself, for Rem, who continued to slumber, for Patrasche who fought for the sake of the sisters, to survive.
It was a dreadfully preposterous possibility.
However, it also withheld her chest, conveying it was also convincing and reasonable.
Had it been Roswaal L. Mathers, whom Ram had fallen in love withーー,
Ram: “He would’ve surely done it as well, with courage befittingly being called inhuman.”
Spilling those words, Ram withdrew the wand her thigh was equipped with, with juddering hands.
Intently gazing at the wand she had operated for ten years, and, she vigorously knocked it into the wall.
From the interior of the splintered wand, flew out that which she hadn’t laid her eyes upon for a long span of time.
ーーAs it swivelled and gyrated nearly to an unpleasant extent, just like back then.
    △▼△▼△▼△
  Steadily, clearing away the colourless dust enshrouding the aisle with his hand, Batenkaitos stepped forth.
With an elegant gait brimming with graceful conduct, to not cause any noise greater than necessary was the etiquette of a maid, and the minimum consideration in order to not bring shame to one’s master.
Ahead of the smoke was supposed to be his beloved elder sister, collapsed.
He had wished to see, her various expressions. Conceiving potent emotions, her light crimson eyes set ablaze, he had wished to directly gaze back into them.
That was a resolute initial desire, which could now be perceived as awakening of love.
Ley: “Oh dear.”
“ーーDodogyuuun!!”
Beyond the dust, what was first in his sight was the black Ground Dragon dragging its feet.
During his confab and contact with nee-sama, before one could notice, the Ground Dragon had gone out of vision. Though not particularly a subject of his interest, he did have a task to fulfill regarding the existence brought along by the Ground Dragon.
He wished to erase that existence, which unpreparedly lured nee-sama’s mind.
Oneself being the only one to refer to nee-sama as nee-sama and yearn for her, was sufficient. Nee-sama belonged to oneself alone.
Ley: “Ah, there it is.”
On the opposite side of the Ground Dragon twisting its build, there lay the form of the『Sleeping Beauty』drooping by the wall.
With the body raised just ideally, it would be easy to aim for the throat to the heart. Immediately bringing an end to that lifetime, he must commence with the main dish, nee-sama.
Yes, as he distanced closer to the『Sleeping Beauty』, Batenkaitos took notice.
ーーThe head of the young girl with eyes cast downward, crowned with blue hair, that it was dimly and fleetingly glowing.
For naught but a moment, he was puzzled regarding the identity of that glow.
However, saying that wasn’t possible, he repudiated the answer arising from one’s own cognizance.
The possibility of the slumbering young girl performing that wasーー,
Ram: “To make a correction.”
Ley: “ーー~hk, nee-sa”
Ram: “Ram thought she did not possess the serendipity of time. ーーHowever, that was wrong.”
He attempted to call to the owner of the voice he had heard, but was unable to succeed.
A strike with velocity exceeding that, knocked Batenkaitos’ face. Astonishment, and the subsequent instant the shock wave pierced through him, pushing him towards the opposite direction in the aisle he had trodden.
Ley: “~~tsu!?”
Unable to kill off the vigour of the excessive might, Batenkaitos crashed into the wall twice and came to a halt.
Stupefaction preceded agony or anguish, he immediately stood up, then knelt upon the weight of the damage. A profound blow as if shattering until the very core of his body.
Wondering just what had happened, Batenkaitos made an astonished expression upon his lovely, amiable faceーー,
Ram: “It rather seems, even the heavens are head over heels in love with Ram and Rem’s cuteness.”
Dust enveloped the hole in the wall she had shattered through, and instant after he tried to concentrate his vision in that direction, his face was seized by her palm with velocity that deserted even sound.
And, from a close proximity, he gazed at the opponent possessing a tight grip of his cheeks and jawーー,
Ley: “Nee, -sama……”
Ram: “Unfortunately, Ram’s little sister is asleep in the interior. Ram knows with clarity, due to『Synesthesia』.”
Ley: “Synes, the……?”
Ram: “It is『Synesthesia』. Ram and Rem were chum sisters, isn’t it. Delight or rage, sadness or pain, things like those could be shared amongst. ーーThe reactivation of a broken horn, and its recoil as well.”
He did not distinctly understand, what meaning it held.
Merely, what Batenkaitos had witnessed with these eyes, had been affirmed.
Before being knocked off his feet, what he had observed on the forehead of the『Sleeping Beauty』leaning on the wall, was a white hornーー the singular asset preponderating her elder sister, that Oni girl possessed by birth.
Because that existed, because that glowed, because that communicated, what purport would it hold.
Ram: “Though Barusu’s plan being a hint is an annoyance, it is fine.”
Ley: “What did, Subaru-kun……”
Ram: “ーーKindly stop saying Barusu’s name, with that face and that voice.”
Ley: “ーー~tsu!!”
That moment, with his grasped face and body lifted upwards, Batenkaitos was slammed into the ground with vigour.
In nervousness, Batenkaitos swung his limbs. Ram opened and closed her fist, a gesture of seeming affirmation, whilst shedding immense quantities of blood from the scar on her forehead.
However, rather than perceiving the cascade of blood as irksome, she loosened her lips in its reception.
As though this blood and pain, proved the linkage of a vanished bond.
Ram: “Those born in a space of dark, are to kindly return to the space of dark. If you took birth in company of cries, then take company of cries and kindly die.”
Wiping off the blood on her forehead with her palm, eyes of light crimson looked down upon Batenkaitos.
Batenkaitos had assembled the plethora of everything until now, wishing for violent emotion to dwell within those eyes.
ーーUpon that Sin Archbishop of『Gluttony』, Ram looked down with eyes freezing cold.
Ram: “The reincarnation of the Oni God. Though Ram never liked it, Ram shall enact it just for today. ーーRam’s adorable little sister’s counterfeit, this time for sure you shall be ripped to shreds.”

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※


Chapter 85
ーーStabilising the『Image』was essential in constructing ice in accordance with imagination.
Back when Subaru had initially proposed『Ice Brand Arts』to her as well, she had considered it to be incredibly handy, but Emilia remained insecure whether she would be able to pull it off.
Subaru: “It’s alright! No need to worry! Emilia-tan will surely be able to do it!”
So ascertained Subaru to an uncertain Emilia with his thumb raised, she recalled.
Now that she thought of it, that too had been completely unfoundedーー no, Emilia believed Subaru had supported her back with his reason being “Because I love you”.
In the course of creating weapons she『Imaged』, Emilia studied a lot of illustration.
Unlike songs, studying illustration wasn’t a specialty of her’s, yet, by drawing time and time again with Subaru, she was met by definite improvement.
From the sidelines during her studies, watching Emilia draw with Subaru and Beatrice, Ram was amazed, Otto smiled wryly, Frederica and Petra occasionally joined in, and Garfiel advised her on what would be better. Roswaal too, observed Emilia and Beatrice drawing from a distance every so often.
For Emilia, these were reminiscences tremendously, immensely valuable, exigent to part ways from.
Reminiscences which have, though disappeared for everyone, which were remembered by Subaru. Upon the advent of that thought, a warm emotion surged deep within her chest.
Emilia: “I shall, change that into courage with a hiyahーー!”
Upon the motive power of the surging emotion, accompanied with the weapons of ice she had produced and the seven soldiers of ice which advanced alongside her, Emilia tackled the『Divine Dragon』Volcanica before herself.
As per the aforementioned explanation, the『Image』was essential in the shaping of ice. Naturally that was the case with weapons, but also with the soldiers of ice brought forth. In other words, the soldiers of ice had been configured to a shape easy for Emilia to『Image』.
To summarize, fighting alongside Emilia were seven Natsuki Subaru’s.
Emilia: “But, they’re more powerful and quick than the real Subaru, so!”
Though Subaru wouldn’t lose in naughtiness and frolicsomeness either, his structure differed from that of the soldiers created with ice from its very foundation.
The soldiers’ strength depended on the density of the mana bestowed upon them by Emilia, and could not be compared with simple sculptures of ice. They were the same as weapons of ice, and no less than steel.
Emilia: “Go!”
Abiding by Emilia’s command, the ice warriors dashing in the vanguard plunged into Volcanica’s range.
Volcanica did not move, remaining reclined on the colossal pillar in the centre of the first layer of the watchtower, and the range of its earlier tail whip was four to seven metres.
That instant, as if it had detected the will to hold fast to the pillar, it swung its blue dragon tail with great velocity.
Making an eccentric sound which could only be described as a hole opened up in the air, the following moment, the upper bodies of the ice warriors in the vanguard got smashed to smithereens. Having bathed in the direct hit from the area of their chest, the trunks of the ice warriors shattered into two at that spot, as their heads, taking after Subaru and the sharp look of his eyes, were blown off.
Emilia: “Sorry! But, you would’ve been aimed for regardless of my presence!”
Apologies to the soldiers of ice turned to touchstones, but now she precisely understood Volcanica’s aim.
Though the『Divine Dragon』had gotten Alzheimer’s, had blanked out about the『Trial』as well, the will to intercept all opponents distinctly aiming for the pillar yet remained alive within it.
Regardless of the existence or nonexistence of its life. Henceforth, she wielded a course of action.
Emilia: “Soldier-san’s, please!”
In concert with Emilia’s voice, the ice warriors jumped in order to overtake the silver haired young girl.
The first one was shattered, leaving six ice warriors, each fell in respective seperate directions, and headed towards the central pillar whilst creating a faint difference of time.
Volcanica: [ーーThou, who hath reached the top of the tower. Step forth through the first floor, almighty petitioner.]
Sensing the presences of the approaching ice warriors, the『Divine Dragon』repeated its vocal message yet again.
Seeing it relay that which was naught but an enumeration of words now devoid of meaning, to dolls possessing no ears to hear from, made Emilia feel potent desolateness and a heart wrenching sense of misery.
Despite having been turned to this shape, Volcanica was trying to protect “Something”.
Though she did not know with whom, with what, and for what purpose had it exchanged that promiseーー,
Volcanica: [ーーI, am Volcanica. In accordance with the ancient covenant, I ask the will of thee who hath reached the summit.]
Within the blink of an eye, two of the ice warriors armed with weapons were shattered with a swing of the tail.
Though each had taken a defensive stance as an instantaneous response, one had everything below its waist blasted off, the other had its right half of its body subjected to the same, as they crumbled, unable to make any decent movement.
Hence, the remaining four headed for the tail returning to its original position from the attacking stance to place a check on it. It may be possible that not simply Alzheimer’s, but its legs and loins had become weaker and unsteady as well.
If it was in a state where simply standing up was arduous for it, then pinning down that tail would be sufficient.
Emilia: “Brace yourselves!”
With the aim of immobilising the tail, three ice warriors joined their arms together.
Attempting to mow down those ice warriors all at once, yet again the tail of the『Divine Dragon』deserted sound behind. Though similar to the whip Subaru used in arrangement, its pace and might was in an entirely different league.
Had it been Subaru’s whip then Emilia could’ve caught it bare handed, but that would be impossible for the dragon’s tail whip.
Potency which would’ve taken any ordinary living being’s entire might, the『Divine Dragon』hurled it with listlessness akin to brushing away insects.
The impact brought forth by that tail, once again struck the three ice warriors lined up side by side with lowered waists. However, the shattering resonance supposed to have echoed did not resound here.
For she had generated a wall of ice behind the three ice warriors with lowered waists, which supported them.
Should she know the strike was coming, she had countermeasures prepared.
Despite the entirety of their bodies developing cracks, the ice warriors, taking after the young boy with a sharp expression of eyes, raised the edges of their mouths. And from the rear of the three who had halted the impact, the remaining final one jumped ahead, having been charged with a seperate role.
What the final ice warrior wielded was a weapon known as a『Sasumata』.
On the spearhead of the handle, similar to a long arrow, a curve-shaped fitting with the purpose of not stabbing but subduing the opponent was fixed, seemingly called so for its usage as a catcher.
Using that sasumata to thrust it down, it pinned the『Divine Dragon’s』ill-mannered tail down onto the floor.
The dragon tail, having ceased movement, even its utmost slim end of the tail was bulky like a log and impossible of being held back by simply one sasumata, so the cracked three successively tackled with sasumatas as well.
And, four convenient points were arrested by the sasumatas, and even the『Divine Dragon』had its tail blockedーー,
Volcanica: [ーーThou, who hath reached the top of the tower. Step forth through the first floor, almighty petitioner.]
The subsequent instant, with a sound of the world being splintered, the four leaping bodies of the ice warriors were gouged in their entirety.
Everything upwards of their hips had vanished cleanly, and with only their lower bodies left, the ice warriors crumbled. The one responsible was not the tail having gotten serious after being immobilisedーー but, claws.
Whilst on the floor, Volcanica used its left frontal limb instead of its tail.
By merely that, Emilia’s soldiers of ice had been extinguished with certainty and without escape.
She narrowly escaped being tricked into believing it had become infirm.
Emilia: “If both the limbs and the tail are doing well, then……! Why did just your important brain get blanked damn it!”
Volcanica: [ーーI, am Volcanica. In accordance with the ancient covenant, I ask the will of thee who hath reached the summit.]
Emilia: “I get it already, for god’s sakeーー!”
Repetition which would’ve driven anyone into further frenzy aside from Emilia.
Despite having to hear it, Emilia’s resolved spirit of challenge shan’t shatter. What could be shattered were only the soldiers of ice, though naturally, that did slightly hurt her heart.
Emilia: “It’s alright! It’s not as if I didn’t get to know anything.”
Asserting that the death of the shattered ice warriors had not been in vain, Emilia too headed towards the tail’s range.
However, the sasumatas of ice suppressing the tail were going strong, rendering the sacrifice of the four ice soldiers worthwhile. Thus naturally, claws would now aim for Emilia instead of the tail, butーー,
Emilia: “The range which both of your hands reach is shorter than the tail, yes? And also.”
Before those claws could seize Emilia, ice spears passed by Emilia and drew near the『Divine Dragon』.
They had been hurled by ice warriors brought forth once again in Emilia’s rear, at their original positionsーー the maximum number of ice warriors Emilia could create was seven, but it was possible for them to be recreated whenever they got shattered.
In other words, the ice warriors could stand up again however many times until Emilia exhausted her strength.
Precisely like the true Natsuki Subaru.
Volcanica: [ーーThou, who hath reached the top of the tower. Step forth through the first floor, almighty petitioner.]
Emilia: “Kya~!?”
Upon the incessant downpour of ice spears outside of its range, Volcanica slammed its forelimbs into the front.
That singular strike seemed as if rending space, producing a shock wave that appeared to be an eternal mark of its claws, swallowing the entirety of the first layer including Emilia and the ice warriors.
“ーーーー”
Whilst halting the impact on her body brought by the shock wave, Emilia strained her amethyst coloured eyes.
The central pillar Volcanica was protecting, its firmness was solid, and she had not been able to carefully observe the pillar yet either. From a distant view it appeared to be no different from the other five pillars, but that judgement too was premature.
However, what Emilia sought utmost here, instead of the central pillar itself, wasーー,
Emilia: “ーーLocated on its top, the tower’s summit!!”
Undauntedly stepping into the wind, Emilia kicked the floor with might on that very spot.
She was yet too distant to take any action regarding Volcanica or the pillar. However, stepping ahead here, was the correct answer.
For the ice warriors, restored from their initially shattered states, lowered their waists and braced their arms.
And, catching Emilia’s feet as she stepped ahead, assisted her into a leap towards greater height at once.
Having pinned down the tail, directing its attention to the pillar, she used that interval and headed towards the uppermost stratum which she sought the utmost.
Though a combination Emilia would not recklessly use either, Emilia’s intuition, having reached this far, implored that the summit was one which must be reached.
The great leap which borrowed the ice warriors’ assistance, using it to jump above Volcanica’s head at once, she made for the topmost surface of the pillar. Should she simple ascend to the uppermost stratum from thereーー,
Emilia: “ーーThe heck.”
The following instant, whilst Emilia attempted to make her fingers reach the pillar, a tranquil heat wave grazed her feet.
ーーNo, it was not tranquil. Sound had simply died at the hands of its exceeding might and heat. If it had killed the very concept of sound, it would be no enigma for it to have converted to a soundless phenomenon.
Emilia’s perception detected the extinguishment of the ice warriors deployed across the first layer.
The one which had lent its hand to shield Emilia’s vision, the four which had thrown ice spears in its support, the two which had sprinted for supplementing sasumatas, disappeared at the same second.
And what accomplished this was neither Volcanica’s tail nor its forelimbs.
Volcanica: [ーーI, am Volcanica. In accordance with the ancient covenant, I ask the will of thee who hath reached the summit.]
Yes, the death wail of scorching air was heard from its mouth, which never parted solely with its majesticness.
With the arrival of another one of its reiterations into her ears as a start, Emilia comprehended the resuscitation of the killed concept of sound, whilst at the same time, her fingers reached for the pillar’s topmost surface.
Somehow desperately fixing her body, Emilia looked down below.
There spreading wide was the first layer, scorched white.
White fumes akin to smoulders rose from multiple spots, with not even the wreckage of the ice warriors supposed to have existed left behind. Such heat, such might, such annihilationーー,
ーーThe breath of the『Divine Dragon』Volcanica, had burnt all to naught.
Emilia: “Both the tail and the legs are doing well, can even spit god damn fire and yet!”
Volcanica: [ーーThou, who hath reached the top of the tower. Step forth through the first floor, almighty petitioner.]
Emilia: “Good lord, I get it! I do understand! I get it so…… oh.”
Responding with a lack of grievousness taking into account the events that had occured, Emilia widened her eyes midway through.
Steadily, the eyes of the『Divine Dragon』aimed upwards, the yellow eyeballs reflecting Emilia within themselves.
Andーー,
Volcanica: [ーーI, am Volcanica. In accordance with the ancient covenant, I ask the will of thee who hath reached the summit.]
Whilst pronouncing so, Volcanica unfolded both of its blue wings, and stood up at its position.
  △▼△▼△▼△
  Emilia: “Oh hell noーー ~hk.”
Comprehending the hazard of the events occurring below, Emilia extended her hand towards the topmost surface of the tower in great panic.
In the interlude she was preoccupied with that, Volcanica deracinated its tail being restrained by the sasumatas, and sought to slowly flap its wings.
It intended flight.
It was, after all, the『Divine Dragon』Volcanica, flying for it would be a matter of courseーー but since Emilia had never witnessed a flying dragon, her sense of reality had been puny.
First of all, would a creature with a body so gigantic truly be able to soar in the skies.
Emilia: “I’ve only ever seen Puck and Roswaal fly too……”
It was ineluctable for Puck, a spirit, and Roswaal, an eccentric magician, to fly.
From what she had heard, in the southern Vollachia Empire, just like Ground Dragons or Water Dragons, there existed flying dragons named Winged Dragons, so Volcanica was possibly also considered as a Winged Dragon.
Or perhaps, to categorize dragons and the『Dragon』as the same may be an err in itselfーー,
Emilia: “Heave-ho! Heave-ho! Hiyah! Shah!”
Letting out an enthusiastic cry, Emilia clambered towards the tower’s top at her greatest possible speed.
Though from a distant view her speed was jaw-droppingly astonishing, even if Emilia were to make fortunate effort beyond common sense, she lacked one card to be able to desert everything behind and dash on ahead.
Volcanica: [ーーThou, who hath reached the top of the tower. Step forth through the first floor, almighty petitioner.]
She was not hallucinating to be hearing that voice from a distance closer than before.
For she had not managed to desert everything below her behind, the pronouncement had ascended to the same altitude as hers.
ーーUnfolding both of those blue wings, an unbelievably humongous frame fluttered midair.
Majestic and dignified, the『Divine Dragon』Volcanica soared into the dunes’ sky with pressure of presence ignorant to its decline.
Its evolving air of intimidation, or the glint in its eye glaring the opponent impotent, its tail or its forelimbs, even its breath, none of it turned traitor to it being a hyper-rank dragon chronicled in legends.
However, the singularity which did turn traitor to thatーー
Emilia: “I! Intend to go above the first layer, so I may not be your enemy!”
Volcanica: [ーーI, am Volcanica. In accordance with the ancient covenant, I ask the will of thee who hath reached the summit.]
Poured with a voice conveying it possessed no ears to hear from, as Emilia clung to the pillar, Volcanica’s menace resumed pursuit of her.
Inhaling, Emilia gritted her molars and borrowed the power of a “Foothold which did not exist” there, and jumped over the tail whip.
Emilia: “Yahoo!!”
Practical usage of『Ice Brand Arts』ーー rather than clambering up that pillar, she installed footholds at its flanks, accelerating her speed by jumping above them.
Emilia: “Would the limbs become free too…… kiyah!”
The instantaneously drawn twin swords of ice energetically repelled the slamming tail away.
A strike swung whilst relying on guesswork, both of Emilia’s arms, from her wrists to her elbows went numb due to the vigour, rendering her seemingly unable to wield another novel weapon for the multiple seconds it would take her to stand up.
However, unlike the damage taken by Emilia, Volcanica had simply swung its tail.
Despite its transiency, the『Divine Dragon』which resumed to undertake the same conduct before the challenger swung its tail, its endeavour being to dropーー no, to crush the opponent seeking to capture the pillar.
Emilia: “ーー~hk.”
Emilia’s breath was packed in response to that approaching tail.
Should she be repelled once, she did not perceive she would have enough stamina left to reach the pillar once again. Should she suffer a direct hit from the tail notched with scales, she would surely be left in a terrible state.
She could not let that tail’s attack connect.
Emilia: “I can still…… work, rea~lly hard!!”
She could not use her arms. However, she could move her legs. She could aim for the top.
Though she had created footholds in order to aim for the top, that shall not be sufficient. There was a limit to the number of ice ploys she could generate at once. She could not let that labour go to waste.
Fulfilling the purpose of the footholds, she then shall be met by that which was endlessーー,
Emilia: “ーーI get it!”
Volcanica: [ーーThou, who hath reached the top of the tower. Step forth through the first floor, almighty petitioner.]
Yet another tail whip drew near Emilia, to whom a great idea had just occurred.
Emilia somehow evaded it by borrowing the ordinary power of the footholds. And, bringing forth the new foothold she had thought of towards the pillar, she ingeniously grasped that『Hand』by extending her own hand.
Emilia: “Please, soldier-san!”
Responding to that voice of Emilia’s, the one to creak its arms constructed of ice was an ice warrior taking after Subaru, having been generated yet again after being burnt to annihilationーー but, merely its upper body.
Not simply a foothold, but an existence which functioned as both a foothold as well as a reliable ally of Emilia’sーー that was, the『Course of Ice』with simply their upper bodies growing out of the pillar one after the other.
Since they simply had their upper bodies growing out of the pillar and she did not have to create their legs, she could also raise their number to greater than seven.
Making around ten of them grow out of the pillar at once, Emilia borrowed their hands, and headed upwards, headed upwards.
Emilia: “Hiyah! Yah! Shiyah! Alright-y!”
Borrowing the hands of the upper bodies of ice growing out of the pillar in a literal sense, Emilia climbed towards the topmost surface of the pillar.
Meanwhile, Volcanica did attempt to obstruct Emilia, but the men on the pillar hindered it from the side.
Captured in its attribute of protecting the pillar, Volcanica was unable to leave the ice warriors on that pillar.
The generated ice warriors hurled swords and axes of ice towards Volcanica, and as the『Divine Dragon』repelled them, it hunted the ice warriors on the pillar one by one through its tail or forelimbs.
Although, whilst Emilia headed for the pillar’s top, top, topーー,
Emilia: “Though this spot, is a bit tough!”
To have overcome the hazard, would be somewhat too lively an impression, but with the ice soldiers’ strength and sacrifice as the foundation stone, Emilia’s hands finally reached for the topmost surface of the pillar.
Though she would reach the uppermost stratum of the tower in around ten more metres, the topmost surface of the pillar was in a bent condition akin to that of a rat guard, so climbing hereon would be the deed of utmost difficulty.
Though the situation was one wherein even people who specialised in mountain climbing would be troubled, fortunately, Emilia specialised in tree climbing. In the past, her zeal for it had led her to be scolded by Fortuna and Arch.
Emilia: “The numbness of my fingers is also alright, now I can……!”
Regaining the sensation of her numb fingers, Emilia tackled the bent, unkind pillar.
Grasping the hand of the ice warrior growing reversely on the slant, she drifted her legs midair towards the unstable skies. But thanks to the ice warrior’s assistance, her climb was stable.
What remained, was only for Volcanica’s obstruction to beーー,
Emilia: “ーー~hk.”
That moment, faint slackening and a prank by destiny infiltrated.
Volcanica: [ーーI, am Volcanica. In accordance with the ancient covenant, I ask the will of thee who hath reached the summit.]
The outbreaking potent jolts, were caused by a severe strike into the pillar by Volcanica’s tail, whilst it articulated so. It waved impact through the entirety of the pillar, thoroughly fissuring the ice warriors with solely their upper bodies growing out of that pillar, shattering them at once.
And neither was the ice warrior lending its hand to Emilia on the slant an exception.
Emilia: “ーーAh.”
The hand she had grasped shattered from the tip of its shoulder, and Emilia’s body fell, having lost its support. The ice warrior, with a sharp expression of eyes, tried to halt her but neither of its hands could reach anymore.
Instantly, suspension enveloped the entirety of Emilia’s body, putting Emilia’s risky climb of the pillar to waste, invalidating it all and placing her back onto the first layerーー that was not what occurred.
Emilia: “Lord save me~!”
The height of the pillar she had attempted to clamber, Emilia was supposed to fall down multiple tens of metres. Emilia inhaled upon that premonition, however, something caught Emilia’s hips unexpectedly quickly.
Not an ice warrior. In terms of sensation, all of the ice warriors growing from the pillar had all been shattered.
Furthermore, her hands were immediately touching something rugged and rigidーー,
Emilia: “Could it be……”
Volcanica: [ーーThou, who hath reached the top of the tower. Step forth through the first floor, almighty petitioner.]
A voice reached her from close proximity, as Emilia confirmed the winds of high heights and the sensation below her hips.
Due to the nearness of that voice, Emilia made a delayed realisation. ーーThat she, had fallen on top of the『Divine Dragon』Volcanica’s back.
Emilia: “ーー~hk! Stay focused! From here I may be able to.”
She may, once again, be able to use Volcanica as a stool and reach the pillar.
So planned Emilia, but the distress of being unable to execute that with ease descended upon her.
Flapping its wings, Volcanica ascended and twisted its body, intending to throw her off.
Emilia: “ーーUgh, u~u~u~ugh.”
Enduring the mighty, powerful wind assailing upon her body, Emilia desperately clung to the dragon’s spine.
Physical wind Emilia had never felt until nowーー what she was clinging to were scales, every single one of them colossal and tenacious akin to rocks, and she would not be able to persist for long should things remain this way.
Furthermore, Volcanica was merely flying in the sky with freedom.
She was not basking in a tail whip, hammer arm, much less its dragon breath.
It was merely flying with vigour, seeking to make the clinging Emilia fall.
Should she lose to this, it would be far tooーー,
Emilia: “ーーI would, no longer be able to look Subaru and everyone else in the eye.”
Should she heedlessly open her mouth, her lungs might get ruptured by the plunging wind.
Her eyes cast downwards, her molars gritted tightly, Emilia thought back to the people she cherished beyond her eyelids.
Resolve akin to having to die, but that was not the case.
The purpose of Emilia thinking of the people she cherished, was so that she could face forward.
For her to be given a push on her back, and to gain the courage to look ahead.
“ーーーー”
Even whilst being swallowed by the tremendous winds, Emilia forced her eyelids to open.
A circumstance wherein she had to pour the entirety of her strength or she would be unable to even open her eyelids. In its midst, without losing the strength of her amethyst eyes, Emilia dared to open her eyes to discover a means to survive.
Humans are beings who end up closing their eyes in times of being crushed by fright and insecurity.
But, the people whom Emilia cherished depicted in the rear of her eyelids, faced forward in precisely such times. People who did not close their eyes in times precisely as those.
She must, have her eyes remain open.
In order to reach for something, in order to hold someone’s hand, andーー,
Emilia: “ーーThat, weirdo.”
The whole surface, left and right, everywhere, the spectacle was under the reign of blue.
Though Emilia being in skies even above clouds was also a reason, it was also because the『Divine Dragon』Emilia was clinging to was clad in brilliant blue scales.
Since everything aside from that quickly passed by due to their exceedingly high speed, even Emilia’s perception of moving bodies, which could discern even the path of a thrown ball like a seam, couldn’t capture the world within itself.
Thus, what Emilia’s awareness captured was not the world outside of the blue.
Volcanica: [ーーI, am Volcanica. In accordance with the ancient covenant, I ask the will of thee who hath reached the summit.]
Volcanica soared whilst twisting and turning its body.
It seemed the area Emilia was clinging to was around the base of Volcanica’s wings. Enigmatically, the dragon did not move its wings with that much engagement. Though it was necessary for birds and insects to flutter their wings for flight, the principle of dragon’s flight appeared to be different.
It was surely closer to Puck or Roswaal’s mechanism for flying.
If soーー,
Emilia: “Roswaal used magic…… Puck too, used a mysterious power so.”
Unfortunately, never had she tried this with Roswaal, nor did she intend to.
However, for an extensive duration, Emilia had lived and spent time together with her family whom she thought comprised of solely one.
For this singular year, they had been separated, and there had been multiple instances of her feeling incredibly lonely. Sometimes she nearly cried at night, but reminiscences provided support through it.
And the voice present within those reminiscences, showed hope to Emilia in this pressing time.
That wasーー,
Emilia: “I’m just guessing here, but could it be that you also don’t like to have your neck tickled?”
The amethyst eyes opened with force, captured the long neck of the 『Divine Dragon』 twisting its frame. Below that great draconic jaw, amidst the uniform blue scales was a sole white scale.
ーーThe days of frolicking about with Puck dawned onto Emilia’s mind.
‘Stop it, Lia~. If you do it so softly then my concentration will get disturbed, you know?’
Emilia: “ーーIsn’t that right, Puck.”
Accompanied with a responding voice, Emilia concentrated her consciousness.
Amidst this mighty wind, Emilia did not possess the strength to directly reach that white scale. However, what she had learnt by the pillar, could be resuscitated even should the other party change from an inorganic to an organic substance.
Emilia: “ーーSoldier-san.”
Ahead of Emilia’s cognizance, the soldiers of ice once again appeared around the white scale.
Ice soldiers which were solidly supporting each other with merely their upper bodies, and one that was born in their core steadily extended its hand towards the white scaleーー,
Volcanica: [ーーーーHaaahraaan!?]
ーーFor the first time, Emilia heard a voice apart from the『Divine Dragon’s』repetitions.
    △▼△▼△▼△
  ーーReverse scale, there existed a phrase so.
This phrase, originating from ancient Chinese traditions, spoke of dragons, who were legendary beings, each possessing a singular scale which shan’t be touched on their throat, called a『Reverse Scale』.
A dragon, whose reverse scale was touched, fell into rage and assuredly killed the opponent.
Originating from that custom, to touch a part of the opponent which shall not be touched came to be expressed with the phrase “Touching the reverse scale”.
Of course, Emilia possessed no reason to be aware of such origins of historic phrases from a disparate world.
She sought to touch the white scale on the dragon’s throat in order to muddle the concentration of the opponent, who was vigorously flying about attempting to make her fall, and buy an interval of time.
Howeverーー,
Emilia: “Kya~a~a~a~!!”
Screaming as she was hurled into the air, Emilia witnessed the earth and the heavens revolve round and round for her.
However, her suspension midair lasted even shorter this time compared to when she had landed on the dragon’s spine earlier. Caught by a solid sensation, Emilia took an entirely defensive stance and tumbled.
And, nimbly standing up at that spot, she remained cautious regarding her environs.
“ーーーー”
Breathing hoarsely, Emilia glanced around her environs.
Fortunately, there were no hints of an abrupt attack assailing down upon Emilia. That too was a matter of course. At present, Volcanica, the subject of her utmost vigilance, was far, far above.
Volcanica: [ーーHaahraan.]
As if extraordinarily revolted by its white scale being touched, Volcanica agonized as it ascended to higher skies.
With the echo of a wail ostensibly crunching the sky, Emilia involuntarily rounded her eyes.
Emilia: “Puck used to enjoy it though……”
Regardless, it was each person’s individual response to enjoy it or to not enjoy it.
Admonishing herself to not become self-assertive, Emilia affirmed the sensation of her limbs.
Tremendously swung about by Volcanica, the blood flow of her body had become slightly strange.
Depending on the situation, hindrances in the blood flow resulted in the phenomena of losing vision due to lack of blood flow into the brain, but Emilia had managed to barely hold out.
And, with that affirmation, Emilia took notice.
Emilia: “ーーAh! This place is.”
Upon looking around, Emilia’s field of vision was a storey above than the time she had arrived at the first layer.
The absence of the five pillars supposed to be in her environs was proof of her having arrived at an altitude above their apexーー to name, precisely this place was the uppermost stratum.
She had reached it, in the form of getting dropped off Volcanica’s back.
The uppermost stratum of Pleiades Watchtower, an untrodden territory, at lastーー,
Emilia: “Hell yeah, I did it! It was well worth working hard and persevering!”
With a modest reaction to the emotionally moving happenings, Emilia put her hand on her chest, and made haste towards the core of the uppermost stratum immediately.
Should she act nonchalantly, the agonizing Volcanica may return.
Before that occured, she must discover the『Trial』with the purpose of saving Subaru and the rest.
Emilia: “Please, give me a problem that even I know the answer to……”
Though Volcanica, having forgotten the『Trial』, too was a problem, what was another problem for Emilia was whether she would even be able solve the『Trial』of the first layer in the first place.
Bearing that fear, Emilia headed towards the centre of the uppermost stratum. And, arriving at the base of a pillar extending to the heavens there, Emilia said “Ah” and widened her eyes.
There it was. A peculiarity not possessed by the six pillars in the floor below.
There certainly it was, the enigmatic peculiarity possessed solely by the pillar in the centre, of this uppermost stratum.
It wasーー,
Emilia: “ーーSomeone’s, handprints?”
The uppermost stratum of Pleiades Watchtower, what was at the base of the pillar in its centre, was a black monolith.
And on that black monolith, printed were handprints.
ーーSix handprints, of respective differing men and women, had been printed.

            ※ ※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※


Chapter 86
ーーThe『Greatest Knight』, to name himself so entailed courage.
He indeed took pride in being called so, extolled so by others.
However, never had there been even a single instance wherein he had labelled himself as the “Utmost” “Finest”.
He possessed the conceit of having lived days of stockpiling unsparing hard work, and diligent devotion to learning.
However, in his incompetent and inexperienced destiny, he was naught but surrounded by unending excelling pioneers, comrades commanding respect, and juniors worthy of admiration.
Though vexing, he considered that to be bliss.
To be acknowledged by someone, ought to be reward for strenuous efforts and diligence.
Much less, in the endeavour to be acknowledged by everyone, the strenuous efforts and diligence must be such devotion that they are regarded as extraordinary, that everybody is amazed by solely those.
ーーHad his self, truly worked hard enough to be worthy of that.
He certainly did possess the conceit of having lived days of stockpiling unsparing hard work, and diligent devotion to learning.
However, did he transcend boundaries? Did he polish and refine oneself every day until he had exhausted all of his strength? Inspired by the strenuous efforts of others, did he pledge further hard work to his ideals?
He shall answer his own question, by himself.
Julius Juukulius, had indeed accomplished that.
Transcending boundaries, polishing and refining oneself until he exhausted all of his strength, with inspiration from the strenuous efforts of others he pledged further hard work to his ideals.
  ーーHence, before the existence who stood as the pinnacle of the『Sword』, he held his head high with confidence.
  Julius: “ーーI am the『Greatest Knight』, Julius Juukulius. The sword of the kingdom, that shall slash you down.”
Reid: “ーーーー”
Grasping the hem of his mantle, Julius bowed, and ahead of him the『Sword Saint』stood silently.
He closed his other eye, which was not concealed by the eye patch, and did not look at Julius. But, silently bracing his bulky, burly arms, he pondered about something.
However, his pondering did not last for long. By simply their short fellowship until now, it was clear that he was the one to possess the disposition of being utmost unsuited to ponderation.
Thusーー,
Reid: “Ah, ah, a~a~a~a~h, aaaaaaaaaaaaahーー bloody hell!!”
With an intense scratch of his head, the『Sword Saint』Reid potently stomped the floor once.
Upon that singular blow, the clear floor of the second layer quaked as if fissuring. Though Echidna, who was watching over the confrontation of the two, drew her body back, Julius stood firm, unwavering.
Witnessing that, Reid clicked his tongue with a “Tch”.
Reid: “Appearances, appearances, appearances…… yeah, appearances aye. You really do be speakin’ shit like my follower. What an insufferable bastard ya’re, you.”
Julius: “Though unfortunately I am not acquainted with him, I must offer my sympathies to the man whom you say is your follower.”
Reid: “Hah? Who the hell said my follower’s a dude. Takin’ bastards ’round ain’t gonna be amusin’ in the first place. The follower I’m talkin’ ’bout’s a woman. She’s got a nice face, but damn’s her reasonin’ annoyin’.”
Julius: “A female…… then, what is the similitude between myself and her which you speak of?”
Reid: “Ah? Don’tcha make me say it ‘gain and ‘gain.”
As wrinkles appeared on his snout, Reid expressed a ferocious smile akin to a shark.
And, unfastening the locked fold of his arms and knocking his cheeks with his hands,
Reid: “Stenchy reasonin’, and havin’ a good face.”
Julius: “ーーーー”
Reid: “Hell, so ya won’t even get irritated. Damn uncute…… well, ‘s fine.”
Snorting his nose in response to Julius’ destitute reaction, Reid magnificently crackled the bones of his neck. Afterwards, through his blue eye, he observed Juliusーー no, not merely Julius, but his environs too.
The quivering fleeting lights seemingly encircling Julius, their brilliance had strengthened compared to what it was earlier.
Above all, this would be his first time making these girls debut before Reid this way.
Julius: “My buds…… no, my lovely maidens, do you perhaps have anything to object regarding them?”
Reid: “Hah, nothin’. Nice women ain’t of any regard to their race. Unfortunately, I ain’t interested in women I can’t sleep with. ーーYou, would’ve grown stronger had ya broken yer shell, ya know?”
Julius: “If you say so, then a path like that certainly may have existed.”
Something like offering advice to juniors, was fickleness unimaginable considering Reid’s personality.
For him to have done so, must be due to Reid’s own moodiness and him deeming Julius’ desperate form, who naught but clung to sword, to be wasteful.
If you are going to cling to the sword anyways, then take a stance paying no heed to appearances. ーーThat had been the attitude and resolve he sought for Julius, and that too had been a realizable path.
Howeverーー,
Julius: “I, decided to walk this path. Or possibly, instead baring what is my true self, as you say, may make me stronger.”
Julius was aware that should he himself not be powerfully conscious of it, he would naturally become that way.
A sudden instant, a narrow exchange of blows, should a solitary bit of his rind distinguish between life and death, that the face of the true Julius would come out.
However, that spoke of a scenario wherein he would not be powerfully conscious of it. ーーHe shall, no longer waver.
Julius: “Hereby I declare. I shall think through my self as a knight. Furthermore, instead of the path you tried to guide me to, I shall become myself who excels in all fronts.”
Reid: “Huh, the hell kinda reasonin’ makes ya say yer gonna be doin’ that, you.”
Julius: “It is obvious. ーーThe knight I lay my trust in, is the personification of ideals. He is noble, just, and stronger than any other. Then, it is inevitable that I, who name myself as a knight, must be that way as well.”
Reid: “ーーHah.”
Even by his own word, a ludicrous reasoning, an illogical line of argument and claims, high-handed arbitrariness a natural subject of ridicule.
However, even if Reid overtly expressed his rage upon hearing that, he simply displayed his sharp fangs and laughed, directing no disgust or disdain whatsoever.
Andーー,
Reid: “Gonna make ya cry.”
Articulating so, Reid tossed aside the chopstick he held, and before Julius, who was gazing in wonder, took a great leap towards the rear and stood back. Subsequently, he steadily extended his hand towards the side.
What his huge palm was gripping to, was the stipulated sword planted into the white layer.
Reid Astrea, originally supposed to have merely lent his existence as the trial taker of the watchtower.
By some twist of fate, he detached the arrangement of the tower through intense self-consciousness, and finally, by overwriting the flesh body of the raiding Sin Archbishop of『Gluttony』, had fulfilled even a psuedo-revival.
In this condition, in this position whereby he did not need to abide by the tower’s『Trial』, only then did Reid draw out the stipulated sword for the first time, abiding by his original role.
Namelyーー,
Julius: “ーーGain his forgiveness, by hand of the fool who has reached the heavenly sword.”
Reid: “That’s my line ya know…… well, though I totally forgot ’bout it.”
Julius: “I thought so, thus I stated it in your stead. ーーI challenge you.”
Reid: “Like hell I’d give ya forgiveness, ya dunce. Gonna make ya cry ugly.”
Before Julius, who had his knight sword braced in his front, Reid crudely pointed the sword he had drawn out.
No intervals, whatsoever. Assuming a relaxed stance, having reached the extremes, the ultimate swordsmanーー
ーーThe pinnacle of all who wielded the sword, the『Sword Saint』Reid Astrea.
  Julius: “And nowーー”
Reid: “However ya’d like.”
Julius: “ーーEn Garde!!”
  Placing faith in the chivalry shaping oneself, Julius Juukulius tackled the『Sword Saint』with the entirety of his might.
  △▼△▼△▼△
  Both his body and heart, felt light.
In a non-figurative sense, that was the might of enhancement enveloping Julius, as he swung the knight sword.
Needless to say, the stability of mind had an immense influence in battle.
Upon consideration, to state Julius had been in an insecure condition ever since he had arrived at this Pleiades Watchtowerーー no, ever since he had gotten his self’s『Name』plundered in the Watergate City, would be unerring.
Of course, Julius admonished and restrained his own self as much as possible, forbidding it from showing on his face.
Self-control anyone would appraise as akin to rationality of steelーー however, it was not something that had been praised.
Furthermore, forbidding the inferior form of his self from showing on his face, the consequence of having deceived his comrades and even his own self, had led to the unsightly defeat of successive, consecutive losses ever since their arrival at this tower.
Julius ought to have placed his trust in others, to begin with.
Losing his presence of mind due to the impact of having the existence of his self forgotten, whilst merely pitying his self who had been broken off from the other person’s world, he failed to notice what he should have placed faith in the utmost.
Were the people whom Julius cherished, whom he trusted in, whom he had pledged his loyalty to, whom he had entrusted his back to, such humans who would simply disregard Julius Juukulius, who had been broken off from their world without their notice.
ーーAbsolutely not, he could assert so.
Hence, what Julius ought to have done had been simply one thing.
Appealing with sincerity, he should have indicated his affection by his volition. ーーThe way he had done so, with his buds.
Julius: “I should have retied the severed bonds. One who is nobody, can become anybody…… for nobody but I myself, am I living witness to that!”
The child of a commoner who was nobody, had become even the utmost attractive and cool knight in this world.
Julius, who had become nobody, was supposed to have become somebody once again.
Andーー,
Julius: “No matter how many chances should I be given, I would surely still be charmed by the seemingly blazing young man that day, perceive ideals on the back of one who stood for the knight, and challenge you, the pinnacle of the『Sword』after allーー!”
Reid: “Blabberin’ ’bout shit, damn cheeky of ya, you!!”
Upon Julius’ decapitating slash, who had his determination set on the tip of his sword, Reid bellowed whilst matching in with the same sword strikes.
As the entirety of his body lay subject to those sword moves and sword might, Julius straitened his yellow hued eyes and felt wonder.
Restarts included, this would be the fourth time he was battling Reid this way.
The first challenge, and the immediately subsequent defeat. This time, with moreover the confinement of the narrowed watchtower’s entirety, and having successfully recontracted with his buds, was the fourth time.
Within all of this, Reid using a weapon aside from chopsticksーー though referring to chopsticks as a weapon had exceeding room for doubt, anyhow, him swinging something aside from chopsticks would be for the first time.
And in these moments, with the pinnacle of the『Sword』, the『Sword Saint』having wholly gripped the sword, he thought.
Julius: “Your sword power hasn’t changed, compared to the time you were using chopsticks……!”
Reid: “Li~ke I jus’ said, damn it. The reason I’m strong ain’t ’cause I swing the sword. The only reason I’m strong, is jus’ ’cause I’m strong.”
Defending against the sword strikes being casually swung down overhead, once his knees creaked, a pursuit aimed for him from directly below. Narrowly tiding over the attack he had borne witness to for the first time, Julius flew towards the rear upon the impact.
Reid trailed that, not by breaking into a pursuit, but by simply taking a few long steps.
Though one would grow to suspect his peculiar gait, there was nothing special about it.
By merely stepping forth upon the thought of catching up with the drawn back opponent, readily inventing and realizing a new form of gait unlike any of its previously existing schools was simply Reid’s ability.
Just as Reid himself had averred it, that was simply a matter of his norm exceeding『Existence』.
Reid: “Do ya wanna cry now?”
Julius: “ーー. No, the feeling of challenging a legend is livening up my chest!”
Not a bluff, Julius responded with truthfulness whilst being impelled.
Yes, that was true. The one before his eyes was Reid Astrea.
By his legends, simply how many times had Julius had gotten his heart throbbing, eyes twinkling, and had admired him, yearned for him.
Meeting that person in reality, though he had been precisely astonished by his personality, his strength had been the very ideals he admired and yearned for.
Henceforth, simply how wasteful had his self been in what he engaged in.
All whilst possessing the opportunity to exchange words, exchange swords, exchange beliefs and conviction with himーー,
Julius: “Hah.”
Whilst crossing swords with the『Genuine One』, Julius exhaled upon the arrival of an unforeseen thought.
Exceedingly out-of-place, however, the anticipation made his heart throb, truly delightful and piquant.
Reid: “The hell ya smilin’ ’bout?”
Julius: “Nothing, a thought simply dawned on me. ーーOnce I fulfill my objective here and return to the service of my lord, that I shall challenge my friend, Reinhardt.”
Julius pronounced his idea upon Reid’s inquiry.
Never even once had Julius competed against Reinhardt in their sword skills until now. On the contrary, before it was determined that they would be in differing camps in the Royal Election, the idea of vying with each other over anything at all had never occurred to him.
ーーThe regret of never having attempted to gain an equal standing.
That too, had been one of the reasons why Julius served Anastasia, and faced in the Royal Election.
However, even had he not possessed those sentiments, Julius still would have been enchanted by Anastasia’s immense talent, wished to see the same dreams as her, and stood at the same place.
Thus, from the very beginning, never had he been in need of dull excuses or roundabout stances.
From the very beginning, he simply should have taken two wooden swords and headed over to Reinhardt.
Once in the past, Reinhardt and the strongest swordsman of the Vollachia Empire had crossed swords.
That day, when everyone in the parade ground had possessed wild enthusiasm toward the atmosphere of the sword, Julius too felt warmth in his chest.
For that had been, the answerーー.
Reid: “Hah, that’s a name I ain’t ever heard of. Who the hell’s this nobody?”
Julius: “He is your descendant. And, along with being the present day『Sword Saint』, my friend.”
Reid: “Kah! The kid of my kid, jus’ an outsider by that point god damn. I ain’t gonna notice him even if I see him by some roadside.”
Intertwining sword moves and kicking moves, Reid elucidated his irresponsibility whilst snorting his nose.
Finding faint refutation in that dissertation, Julius attempted to open his mouth whilst exchanging swordsーー,
Reid: “I’m startin’ to get fed up of talkin’ ’bout outsiders. You, do ya wanna have a damn chat with me?”
Julius: “ーー. Though I will not deny that, I shall deny.”
Reid: “ーーーー”
Julius: “If only there was the time, I would have liked to exchange words with you, let it be for two days or for three days. However, at present the time for that purpose, regrettably, does not exist. Telling me to make haste, my back is being pushed. Thusーー”
With distance opened in between, Reid lifted his cheeks whilst viewing Julius. In Reid’s blue eye was Julius’ form, augmenting its luminosity.
The swirling six coloured lights intermingled, gently commencing to paint an aurora, a rainbow.
Andーー,
Julius: “ーーAl Clauseria!!”
The radiance of the emitted rainbow, sweeped a conquering white world towards Reid.
    △▼△▼△▼△
  Julius himself widened his eyes as well, upon the emitted aurora’s span and might.
As of now, that was maximal spirit arts transformed to a magic of extraordinary scope, with it being treated the same as before now inviting discourtesyーー,
‘ーーーー’
Budsーー no, he shall not refer to those girls, who had verbatim made their occluded gift and talent bloom, as buds.
Those girls, who had achieved growth capable of being perceived as sublime, with beauty, with charm, with heroism, with dignity, vividly, were not buds but maidens.
To monopolize those girls entirely to himself, as all six of them exhibited their respective glamour, may have made him a sinner greater than the Sin Archbishops.
Howeverーー,
Julius: “Even if you all forget me, I love you all.”
As though to catch up with the emitted aurora, Julius stepped ahead.
The radiance of rainbow clad in six elements, broke through all shields and shattered the target. Hence, before the rainbow-coloured light, the options left for the opponent were merely twoーー to take up the gauntlet, or to evade.
Reid: “ーーHah.”
And in accordance with his personality, Reid Astrea shan’t dodge the radiance of rainbow.
Responding to the radiance of rainbow surging forward in front, Reid raised his burly arms and slashed down the sharp edge of the imperial stipulated sword he was gripping to.
With no reliance on special magic or Divine Protections, a『Sword Move』named as pure violenceーー in a sole swing, that was what expunged the maximal magic Julius had fired with all of his might.
However, that too had been factored in by Julius, as he paced ahead.
Vaulting ahead from the rear of the expunged aurora, Julius borrowed the strength of his sword, and his maidens.
Julius: “Ia! Aro!”
Upon that instant, the red and green Spirits responded to the call and unified their strength, the wind formed a whirlpool around the blazing flame, generating a tornado of incandescence at Reid’s feet.
Sensing the coil of the heat wave underneath, Reid nimbly escaped upwards before being scorched.
However, only now did the linkage of the Spirit Knight, of the『Greatest Knight』, commence.
Julius: “Kua! Ik!”
The yellow Spirit yielded a protuberance on the clear floor, propelling Julius’ frame further upward. Simultaneously, the glow of the blue Spirit glaciated the moisture in the air, hindering Reid’s ascent, who had jumped upwards.
Clicking his tongue, Reid inverted his stance through an evidently beyond human deed of stomping the air, and stationed his legs onto the ceiling of ice generated midair, scowling at Julius whilst upside down.
Firm strength poured into Reid’s arm, and an interception aimed for the ascending Juliusーー,
Julius: “In! Ness!”
In the juncture wherein the『Sword Saint’s』counterattack drew near him, the white and black Spirits intermeddled with the world with their respective powers.
The white light bestowed strength upon the entirety of Julius’ build, the black light weakened the might of Julius’ enemy however meagrely. The paltry differentiation born in those moments, was a central figure in the immediately following outcome.
Reid: “ーーーー”
With the ice ceiling turned foothold shattering to fragments, Reid’s hurled form blurred due to his velocity.
The artless stance of the stipulated sword, launched a certain type of a lengthwise and crosswise stab of the ultimate kindーー sensing it not as a menace, Julius held his chest steady and confronted it.
The withstanding truth was that upon the crossing of a sword slash and a sword slash, the stronger side repelled the other.
Thus, Julius opened his eyes. ーーThe eyes which had continually, perpetually watched that which proceeded upwards, proceeded forwards.
Julius: “ーーーー”
Killing the very concept of sound and light, Reid’s flash cleaved space.
He shall affirm. Should it be the stipulated sword or the chopsticks, regardless, come what may in that flash’s path, it shall be slashed down.
For that was, the very manifestation of the notion of the『Sword』.
The『Sword』, is that which is brought forth for the purpose of slashing objects down.
And sword moves, was the term denoting the techniques for slashing objects down with that sword.
Henceforth, the flash which slashed down all of objects in the world, was the culmination, and the long-cherished original desire, of the『Sword』and『Sword Moves』.
Those slashed by it, shan’t forget the truth of having been slashed down for eternity.
Thus, the scar Julius Juukulius sustained beneath his left eye, shall not fade away for eternity.
That was the indemnification for having dodged the『Sword Saint’s』flash, from a distance near enough to graze past.
Julius: “ーーーー”
Renouncing his receiving stance, he perceived through the opponent’s sword with momentary offence and defence.
The slashed fundus of his eye spouted blood. However, he shall not close his eyes. Maintaining his focus on the opponent, he swung his arm.
Reception renounced, he rained a hundred flashes with offenceーー,
Julius: “ーーAl Clarista.”
The greatest ever sword strike of Julius Juukulius painted the colours of a rainbow.
It captured the smile of Reid Astrea, ferocious like that of a sharkーー,
  ーーThe eye patch concealing the left eye of the『Sword Saint』, was pierced by the knight’s strike, as it swayed into the air.
  △▼△▼△▼△
  Julius: “ーーーー”
The instant he descended upon the clear floor with his toes, he sensed the echo of footsteps to be frightfully blaring.
The moment he became conscious of that, Julius’ heart, in the depths of his chest, having forgotten to beat, commenced movement in panic.
Subsequently turning towards the rear, he gazed at the burly spine facing towards him.
Reid: “ーーーー”
His red long hair jolting, the back stood firm and still.
The great man gripped to the stipulated sword in his right hand, and his left hand was positioned at his face. The spot which that left hand was touching, therein originally was supposed to be an eye patch, but currently it was absent.
The eye patch that concealed the left eye of the『Sword Saint』, at present, had fallen at Julius’ feet.
Julius: “……So it connected, huh.”
His voice quivered, as he looked down upon the eye patch fallen on the clear floor, and the knight sword in his own hand.
Though his whisper sought to affirm the occured happenings, it possessed an excessive lack of connection to reality. To him, this seemed as though a transient dream, that this all would slip away and vanish through his fingers.
Howeverーー,
‘ーーーー’
Through not the notion of words, the six lights extolled Julius’ established achievement.
The warm flowers named his beloved, sought to fill the void born in Julius’ heart.
And accompanying the commend of his blooming maidensーー,
Echidna: “ーーJulius.”
Hearing the soft voice, Julius turned his gaze towards its direction.
The great man with his spine turned towards him, the maidens transmitting commend, overlooking the battle from a locus disparate from either of them, having called to Julius was a female with light purple hair.
With a face identical to that of his lord, whom he cherished, whom he pledged to dedicate his sword to, the Artificial Spirit who shall live for eternity, with whom he had a relationship of unknowingly mutually wounding each otherーー,
Whether the reason for her solicitude for Julius was because she cherished Anastasia, or due to the functioning of his『Divine Protection of Gathering Spirits』, the answer remained veiled.
However, the being of someone who watched over the resolution of Julius Juukulius eased his heart to such an extent, he thus hauled up his knight sword in gratitude.
Julius: “ーーーー”
Wordlessly, he hoisted his knight sword up towards the heavens.
Remnants embellished with the aurora glistened, the path of the sword verbatim delineated a rainbow.
That was surely, akin to blessings showered upon the knight named Julius Juukuliusーー,
Reid: “ーーHad this been the shitty bloody『Trial』, this would’ve made for your victory.”
Articulating so, the great man steadily stomped on the floor in a tangent.
Once he turned around, no wound lay visible on Reid’s face. What the tip of Julius’ sword had reached, had evidently been merely his eye patch. However, neither was even Reid shameless enough to exaggerate so and say it did not reach him.
Above all, his prior remark had not been his unwillingness to admit defeat, but the truth.
Had this indeed been the continuance of the『Trial』of Pleiades Watchtower’s second layer『Electra』, at the point of having a single blow connect successfully, Julius would have passed it and gained the right to challenge the upper stratum.
However, the battle between Julius and Reid was no longer a question of the tower’s『Trials』.
They were battling in order to settle this between a sole knight and a sole swordsman, a man and a man.
Reid: “ーーーー”
Having lost his eye patch, Reid, with both of his eyes awakened, gripped the stipulated sword with both of his hands.
Clutching the sword’s grip, he braced the sword with the eye at its aim. ーーYes, so braced the『Sword Saint』.
Not for artlessly swinging sticks, but braced the sword in order to slash the enemy down, with certainty.
Reid: “Don’t be complainin’ even if ya vanish to nothin’.”
Julius: “Even if I were to wish to complain, it would be difficult to find a way to do so when I would possess no mouth to complain from.”
Reid: “Hah! Rascal, ain’t even gonna laugh at jokes, god damn. You, what’s yer name ‘gain?”
Julius lifted his eyebrows, upon being enquired for his name by the legend.
Though he had assuredly named himself on countless instances before him by now, he did not possess recollection of that. However, him not having recollection of that was now insignificant.
For he apprehended that with this question, Reid had indisputably, for the first time, acknowledged Julius.
Julius: “Julius Juukulius. Since it is a name easy to forget, I request of you to remember it.”
Pronouncing a redundant remark he would not have perceived as humour simply a short duration ago, Julius pointed the vanguard of his knight sword towards Reid as well.
And once again, he implored for the aid of the six Spirits, who had naught but laboured for him immediately previously.
Should it be his present self and these girls, then he shall surely reach to farther heights of the rainbow’s aurora.
Al Clauseria and Al Clarista.
Borrowing the might of the six Spirits, the rainbow’s aurora furling the power of the six elements. ーーClauseria, which fired that maximal magic, and Clarista, which made it dwell upon the knight sword.
A secret ritual further beyond, which he had not once succeeded in due to his inexperienceーー,
Julius: “ーーHereby I vanquish.”
Reid: “ーーCome.”
In that juncture, an aurora submerged the white space, the bands of rainbow tackled the great man of crimson.
The original rainbow spirit arts devised by Julius Juukulius, a secret amongst its secrets.
Neither launching the light of rainbow furling the six elements, nor making it dwell upon the sword, but cladding oneself in it, and exterminating the opponent by becoming the aurora itself.
Julius: “ーーAl Clanveir.”
That superlative strike of the Spirit Knight, was directly assailed upon by a clear white flash.
  △▼△▼△▼△
  From the very beginning until the very end, the transcendent dimension of offence and defence far surpassed the ability of an untrained eye to keep pace with it.
Needless to speak of the colliding sword strikes, but the bewildering interchange of positions and footwork, which side was dominating and which side lay inferior, even that alone could not the pale cerulean eyes capture.
That was, entirely regardless of this flesh body not being her original belonging.
Merely, there present were those who were vying for a matter of life and death within that dimension, and compared to them, the world she lived in simply was an exceedingly lesser dimension, that being withstanding truth.
If the sense of worth and values of living beings reposed in their might as living creatures, then her self was frail pertinent to worthlessness.
Moreover, that was also the evidence of her self having lived for a time equating multiple centuries in indolence, with her back turned towards the path of enhancing, uplifting oneself.
Ever since she first became cognizant of her self, she had the hunch.
That the purpose of the unnatural existence named herself, had been fulfilled the very moment she had taken birth.
If anything, taking birth itself had been her purpose, and the purpose had been fulfilled at that point of occurrence. Henceforth left as is, she purposelessly wandered the world, unable to evade the void of multiple centuries.
She did not mind even if she died. However, she merely possessed no reason to die.
Thus, delaying her demise in inactivity, for much too long, she indulged in sloth.
And during her course of prolongation, she had happened upon the young girl.
Enchanted by the way of the young girl leading a vivid way of life, her glaciated life attained warmth.
The young girl who possessed a diminutive frame and spoke implausible big talk, whom would she turn out to be, or would she be unable to become whomsoever, she yearned to bear witness to that with her own eyes.
And before one could take notice, such intrigue and interest of her’s became insignificantーー,
“ーーI don’t want to lose you, or the children you cherish.”
She was aware, that what was termed as flowing time was kind yet cruel.
Though time healed wounds, it also rendered emotions obsolete.
Having lived for a long, lasting period of time, she newly mused. ーーThat she, did not want to forfeit this to the past.
“Though that too, is an impossible wish.”
Even if she implored for it to stop, time evanesced all without halt.
Lives, bound to possess miniscule and feeble lifetimes, displayed all kinds of changes within their time.
Just as the nameless knight, who had his『Name』plundered, who remained in the memories of no one, proved that he was a singular human named Julius Juukulius.
ーーThe knight clad in the radiance of rainbow, plunged directly into the white light.
Against Julius, who gambled upon and unveiled the secret ritual, Reid Astrea’s actions were terribly simple.
To swing down the sword he had swung up, a deed of sword strikes likely repeated the most in this worldーー it obliquely bisected the world, becoming a light which wrecked all in its path to ruin.
Neither a special magic, nor a special move.
With a mere swing of the sword, the world was scorched with the light. Unintelligible.
Whether Reid Astrea exceeded norms, or if all『Sword Saints』were such.
Though what was certain wasーー,
“ーーJulius.”
That she wished to devote her strength, such that the aurora would not be outpushed by the absurd white light.
That was indubitably her genuine motive, however, an act like directly interfering into that battle, prior to being suicidal, would be uncouth and that sin would not bequeath her even the right to complain should even her soul be shattered in repentance.
And, the young girlーー Echidna, was aware that her self could not do anything.
In this place, if there was anything she could do for Julius Juukulius, who had transformed into the aurora.
“ーーーー”
Her hand on her slim chest, she sensed the existence slumbering in its depths.
The original possessor of this flesh body, the reason why she would not awaken from her deep slumber, in its search Echidna had arrived at this tower of the sand sea. ーーHowever, that had been deceit.
Echidna was already aware of the reason, why she would not wake up.
The girl, who declaimed her greed, who boasted her desire to attain all kinds of everything.
Never letting go of what she had once put in purse come what may, since she utmost loathed having to let go, having to part ways with anything, there was only one sole reason which she could reckon.
“Having ceded the body over to me, and temporarily lying dormant in your Od, you are in a state wherein you won’t receive any interference from the outside world. ーーBecause the Od, is a certain kind of eigen-world.”
And by her own volition, she had secluded herself away in that place.
The reason being obvious. ーーShould she come outside, she would incur the effects. The abhorrent Authority of the Sin Archbishop of『Gluttony』, she would incur its effects.
She would forget what she wished to never forget, relinquish what she wished to never relinquish.
Anastasia Hoshin, would forget Julius Juukulius.
So was her purpose. Howeverーー,
“It seems, everybody who came to this tower are all staunch boneheads. ーーAll of them, appear to be uncute to the point of dying dwelling over losing something.”
In this duration of nearly two months, she had attempted to imitate her way by herself, but now was the right time.
Besides, since she had observed his positives and negatives, his flurrying self as a nameless knight from close vicinity, even if that girl was to forget, she could apprise her.
“Ah, is that so.”
Wielding no purpose, the Artificial Spirit who had fulfilled its duty upon the point of taking birth.
Though she adjudged she wielded solely that unpleasant duty, contrary to expectations, that was not where it came to an end.
The young girl she cherished, the knight she cherished, and acting as the intermediating bridge between the chipped two.
Was that onus not a task of vital significance.
Was that not of such vital significance, that she could smile musing this had been the purpose of her birth.
Thusーー,
Echidna: “ーーTo not even see your knight be at his coolest, a deed so wasteful, is it not unbecoming of your miserly self.”
  △▼△▼△▼△
  ーーThe white light, hunted the aurora down as though to paint it out.
Furthermore he pressed, with the entirety of his soul, and having borrowed the might of the six Spirits he had reforged his contract with.
He had gambled upon and unveiled a secret amongst secrets, whilst the opponent had merely swung the sword earnestly, solemnly. ーーIndeed, he was utterly astounded by that absurd exceeding of norms.
Simultaneously, since he also possessed the emotions enunciating this is how it must be overflowing within his chest, he found his own self to be irredeemable as well.
With a swing of the sword, the world fissured.
That was, the special move of the『Sword Saint』which transpired when Reinhardt swung the sword as well.
Suddenly, in the midst of a rivalry between a life and a life, Julius contemplated.
Reinhardt and Reid, should they battle each other, simply who would prevail as more powerful.
A legend and a legend, a『Sword Saint』and a『Sword Saint』, in the unattainable battle, who would be declared victorious.
Unfortunately, the opportunity to make certain of that shan’t pay a call.
Julius: “Then I have no choice, but to confirm it with this body of mine.”
The opportunity to exchange swords with Reinhardt van Astrea withal Reid Astrea, befell only upon ones who reached this tower.
Moreover, the possibility existed solely for Julius, and the young girl named Emilia, who had head towards the upper stratum. ーーHe bore no intention to concede that duty to anyone else.
Thus, what remained for him was to simply triumph.
To jostle this white light, and slay Reid Astrea with the radiance of rainbow.
For that purpose, the entirety of his soul, and his sword power, requiring a single step furtherーー,
Should a scintilla of pride and might, dwell upon the tip of the『Greatest Knight’s』swordーー,
Echidna: “ーーJulius.”
A call improbable to reach.
Within impact rendering the passage of time indistinct, however, the time necessary for each convergence of swords was less than a fraction of a second. This was, the offence and defence of this momentary world.
In that space, much less, in the midst of a battle being fought at the risk of life and death, nobody’s voice could possibly reach.
Julius: “ーーーー”
However, the voice certainly swinged Julius.
Perhaps not his eardrums, but it instead had reached something far deeper within, the innermost depths of his chest.
Given he had resolved in his heart to wear the shell named knight, he must respond to it without fail.
That is why, hearing the voice he could not possibly have heard, Julius turned towards the one whom could not possibly have viewed, and exchanged gazes with those pale cerulean eyes.
The luminescence dwelling in those large, spherical eyes, had distinctly changed from what it had been just beforeーー,
  “ーーGo get ’em, my knight.”
  ーーIn that singular sentence, dwelled the one final push of sword power he required.
Julius: “Ia! Kua! Aro! Ik! In! Ness!”
Requesting for one final push, he called to the Spirits with whom he had become a part of the aurora with.
In order to surmount the white light, beyond which present was the form of the enemy he ought to defeat, directly before him.
In order to make the tip of the sword, reach beyond the white lightーー,
Julius: “O~o~o~o~o~o~o~o~hーー ~hk!!”
Opening his mouth to an extent unbefitting of him, he raised his voice to the extent of vomiting blood.
With an expression possessing the preparedness to die, discarding elegance into the wind, merely ensuring the bones supporting his self did not fracture, with his paramount dedication towards it, Julius stepped forth.
Reid: “ーーーー”
And, receiving the rainbow’s aurora intensifying its brilliance, the ambushing white light too escalated its vigour.
Furthermore, furthermore, strengthening their might, the radiance of rainbow and the white light collided vehementlyーー,
Julius: “ーーAh.”
That which seemed as though it would subsist for eternity, was met by an unforeseen fall of curtains.
  △▼△▼△▼△
  Julius: “ーーAh.”
Dumbfounded, Julius noticed the feeble voice spill from his throat.
The mutual clash of their maximal powers, its abrupt fall of curtains. However, without halting its vigour, his sword, embellished with the aurora, had directly stabbed through the opponent’s vitals.
Julius: “Why……”
Reid: “Tch, ah, shit, if this ain’t a borin’ endin’.”
Julius plunged into turmoil, being the one to be blamed for the stab, whilst on the other hand Reid, who had been stabbed, remained calm.
Heedless of the stab in his chest, he did not even express a frown.
Was that a deed of his tenacious force of will, and if not so, was the anomaly which transpired on the flesh body of that great man the cause.
Disparate from the penetration of Julius’ sword, a woundーー no, a crevice had been yielded in the chest of Reid Astrea.
And, that was not confined to merely his chest. His arms and legs, neck and cheeks, throughout profuse sections of his body stretched wounds akin to cracked glass.
Intuitively, Julius comprehended what it was.
Originally inconceivable distortion stood corrected. This was, a phenomenon of that mechanism.
Reid: “Ultimately, it’s ’bout that. The human named me ain’t fittin’ in any vessel other than myself.”
Whilst gazing at the palm of his fissuring self, the insight Reid grumbled was correct.
Captured due to the Authority of『Gluttony』, in the form of pillaging the right of control over that flesh body, Reid Astrea had acquired substanceーー however, the truth that until the bitter end, this body belonged to the Sin Archbishop of『Gluttony』, Roy Alphard, who had become the foundation, shan’t change.
In other words, the receptacle named Roy Alphard was unable to endure the workings of the norm exceeding soul named Reid Astrea.
Its failure materialised in the final phase of the battle against Julius.
Julius: “Then, I’d much rather if you might as well!”
Reid: “Well, if I didn’t get eaten by this guy, I may’ve punctually gone at it till the end. In that case, it would’ve ended at the point you felled the eye patch after all, ya know?”
Julius: “Kh……”
Reid: “Kahaha. Everythin’ ain’t gonna go the way ya want, for weak folks. Do ya wanna cry now?”
Tossing the stipulated sword aside, Reid mean-spiritedly laughed whilst revealing his teeth.
How come, could he laugh that way. As is, his disappearance now was a future set in stone.
Instead, had he defeated Julius, he may have possibly been able to once again walk his lifeline which had terminated once. Even though he had let that possibility slip through his hands.
Reid: “Are ya a fool, you. Somethin’ like livin’ once ‘gain, who the hell’s gonna do somethin’ that troublesome. First of all, the hell’s gonna happen if I run into me somewhere, aye.”
Julius: “……I’m sorry to say, but you have already passed away due to old age multiple centuries ago. Even if your present self were to walk around, for your former self that would be.”
Reid: “Hah! Then, are ya worshippin’ the mug of my kid’s kid who’s like an outsider or somethin’? Bullshit.”
Treating his own descendants as outsiders, his recent remark seemed to be his true sentiments.
Appearing to earnestly not possess any interest in a second lifeline, Reid crackled the bones of his neck.
Reid: “First of all, the hell’re ya tellin’ me to do after comin’ back to life, hey you. Like, playin’ ’round with the fiercely frizzlin’ who passed by earlier, though the hottie over there’s pretty nice too. Then there’s also that woman with an erotic look……”
Julius: “Oh, so do you truly possess no lingering attachment……?”
Reid: “Nah damn it. Doin’ what I wanna do when I think I wanna do it ‘s my style. You too, would’ve it much easier should ya do that.”
Julius: “……My gratitude for the advice. However, that would instead be much more of a thorny path for me.”
His self, chose to willingly wear the shell.
Deceiving himself, or acting as though a part of his foundation was a separate article, would also be apt labels.
Having realised that choice was befitting of his self, that it aligned with his wishes, even if Julius perceived Reid’s extravagance to be dazzling, he shan’t opt for it.
Hearing that response of Julius’, Reid snorted his nose in annoyance.
Subsequently, the wound on his chestーー the crevices born as a result of transcending bounds, the solitary wound differing from those, he touched with his fingers,
Reid: “You, don’tcha misunderstand ‘kay? Yer sword reachin’ was a fluke. Had this been my body, somethin’ like you wouldn’t even be left able to rub snot onto others.”
Julius: “I would not do such a thing in the first place, though……”
Reid: “Hah! How borin’!”
Spitting out, Reid knocked Julius’ shoulder with the hand he had touched his chest with.
Whilst stiffening his body upon that impact, Julius took in a deep inhale.
Not yet, had he accepted or reacted to everything.
However, he deemed letting these moments free by merely losing his presence of mind upon the occurrences before his eyes and experiencing turmoil, to be far more unendurable.
The crevices dilated, the end was already visible.
Hence, Julius hoisted his own knight sword he had unsheathed, before his visageーー,
Julius: “From the bottom of my heart, I revere your sword power.”
Reid: “I ain’t needin’ a bastard’s admiration. ーーI take my leave with my victory, Julius.”
Julius: “ーーーー”
With his name vocalised in his final pronouncements, Julius gazed in wonder.
However, as per the resolve in his heart to not be flustered, he concealed that astonishment behind a smile, and bowed.
Just as he had confidently named himself, before this legendary being, as the utmost finest knight.
Just as the ideals of Julius Juukulius, were moulded to not bring shame to his admiration.
Julius: “Yes, until the very end. ーーIt is your victory, Reid Astrea.”
Reid: “Hah, now that’s a nice face, damn dejected loser.”
With those words marking the end, the crevices of Reid Astrea dilatedーー,
  △▼△▼△▼△
  ???: “ーーーー”
Unlike their visual impression, the crevices which dilated until the very end, were not accompanied by sound.
Unlike the shattering of glass, the great man of red hair was extirpated like diminishing lightーー in his stead, collapsed onto the clear floor was a young boy of a petite build, with distended cold eyes.
One who ate the『Memories』and『Names』of others and handled them per his will,『Bizarre Eating』and a blasphemer.
The Sin Archbishop of『Gluttony』, Roy Alphard had collapsed, scuppered.
Roy: “ーーーー”
Indistinct whether he was alive or dead,『Gluttony』remained immobile with not a single twitch.
However, identical to Reid, he merely had the deep gash on the left side of his chest, its fatality incontestable.
Ascertaining merely so with his eyes, Julius lowered the knight sword he had hoisted as a demonstration of honour, sheathing it into the scabbard he wielded, and turned backward.
The aurora unfettered, in Julius’ environs were six Spirits with augmented brilliance.
Without the strength of these girls, who had bloomed into maidens from buds, the one to be lying on the clear floor this way surely would have been his self, rather than the opponent.
For that, he must convey his gratitude and appreciation conscientiously.
However, with apologies to those girls, he must defer that demonstration of gratitude.
Steadily, Julius advanced.
Ahead in the direction he was headed, intently watching Julius was a gorgeous, slender, petite female with pale cerulean eyes. Undulating light purple hair, the personage adorned with a white outfit unfitting for the sand dunes.
By her feet, was a white fox, with the pupils of its eyes wavering in suspense.
The form of her, who had always been miming as a scarf, the significance of its presence there.
Once again letting himself be aware of that, Julius closed his eyes.
Andーー,
Julius: “ーーPleased to meet you.”
The statement he had conveyed to the『Sword Saint』as a challenger heretofore, he expressed once again.
But, the sensation deep within his chest in these moments, differed from the enhancement preceding battling.
However, there also existed something, which remained the same.
As though the opening of a new page in a tale of adventure, the adventurous heart of a youth yearning for the knight.
???: “I am.”
Kneeling at that spot, Julius articulated the first words and the other person responded.
His stance remaining lowered, Julius awaited the upcoming words. He reckoned, he could wait for however long a duration.
What felicity this was, to have faith that should he wait, he would assuredly hear her words.
Anastasia: “ーーI am, Anastasia Hoshin.”
Julius: “ーーーー”
Anastasia: “I, want everythin’ in this world…… So, great n’ cool onii-san, what’s yer name?”
With elegance, she smiled, and he could perceive exactly how she must have tilted her head afterwards.
Remaining knelt down and his face lowered and concealed, saying “Ha” Julius took a short inhale, and,
Julius: “I am Julius Juukulius. ーーYour, one and only knight.”
Anastasia: “ーーーー”
Julius: “You may have forgotten. However, I am one who has devoted the sword to you. One who dedicates the entirety of his strength for you, and aids your will.”
A respectful bow with the knight sword placed on the floor, forbye, Julius at last raised his countenance.
Before him, no matter what gaze should his lord have, he shan’t regret.
It is unbefitting of a knight, to lose his presence of mind, be confounded, face downward.
For the very existence who put up appearances the utmost, and sought to possess a cool and charming air, was whom Julius admired and yearned for.
And looking down upon that Julius, the young girl narrowed her spherical eyes,
Anastasia: “Really? I don’t remember though…… but.”
Julius: “ーーーー”
Anastasia: “At the first glance, I thought. ーーThat I gotta make this onii-san mine.”
At such proximity, were the blazing, sparkling eyes of his eternally craving lord, revealing the intent to not relinquish anything and everything.
To the『Greed』seeking to obtain everything, Julius Juukulius devoted his sword once again.
A sublime play, like the tale of a lord and knight in fictionーー,
The restoration of the plundered bond of『Lord and Retainer』, was realized in the second layer of『Electra』.
That was, the accomplishment of eliminating one of the five obstacles set forth by Natsuki Subaru.
  Great library Pleiades, the second『Trial』ーー hereby concludes.


Chapter 87
Since long before, she had harboured misgivings.
Her lord whom she devoted her allegiance to, Roswaal L. Mathers, for the purpose of achieving his ultimate goal, killing the『Dragon』who safeguarded the Kingdom of Lugnica was necessary.
She was a vital and indispensable piece for that plan of Roswaal’s, for Ram to have heard that from none other than himself would be an event that occurred close to ten years in the past.
The village of the Oni clan blazing scarlet, having saved Ram and ■■■ from there, Roswaal sought recompense.
And, in exchange for retribution for the Oni clan, Ram decided to pay that compensation.
That she shall thus cooperate, let it be for the plan to kill the『Dragon』or whatever else.
But merely for a singular point was Ram unable to find the answer within herself, that being the essential way of killing the『Dragon』.
It was not easy. Even if plans were to be meddled around with and measures were to be taken, that was not easy. Should that moment arrive, simply what would Ram be able to do.
“You will know when the time comes. ーーYour role, which only you two elder sister and ■ ■ can fulfill.”
She felt she had once heard such words, which had been chipped off.
Curiously, she had never given deep thought to what that meant until today, butーー,
“It is finally understood. What Roswaal-sama was aiming for.”
All of Roswaal’s actions were for the purpose of the ultimate goal he had clasped throughout his long lifetime.
For that purpose he had concealed himself deep within the Kingdom of Lugnica, for that purpose he had saved Ram and ■■■, for that purpose he had put a check on『Sanctuary』as a touchstone, for that purpose he had tested Natsuki Subaru.
Even if he inevitably had to alter his original scheme, all of the preparation until that point had not been futile. ーーNo, he would not let it be rendered futile, that was who he was.
Hence, the answer came forth within Ram as well.
The reason why Roswaal took custody of a pair of young Oni elder sister and ■ ■.
The ■ ■, had been taken in as substitute for Ram’s lost horn.
The elder sister and ■ ■ that were Ram and ■■■, with the two of them acting as a single Oni, he had taken them in his hand for killing the『Dragon』.
Naturally, not even Roswaal could escape from the effects of the Authority of『Gluttony』.
As a matter of consequence, he too must have forgotten why ■■■ had been taken into his mansion. However, even if he had forgotten, he must have immediately discerned his own self’s aim.
And, whilst observing Ram and the others make strenuous efforts to recover ■■■ from the damage of『Gluttony』, he did not disclose that truth. Honestly, he is soーー,
“His scrupulous nature won’t change, isn’t it.”
Though his plans had once suffered a setback due to Subaru’s actions, he yet resumed his handiworks for fulfilling his goal behind the scenes and whilst remaining vigilant for a chance to strike.
A nuisance of a nature. Wonder what he must be doing about now, when Ram was not there to watch him.
However, so she thought as well.
ーーThat, in this journey, by the point of having allowed Ram to accompany Subaru and the others as they tried to save ■■■, could Roswaal have perchance foreseen the possibility of things turning out this way.
She may be overthinking.
To begin with, the appearance of the Sin Archbishop of『Gluttony』in Pleiades Watchtower was an unforeseen circumstance, and there was no way he could have possessed confidence in Ram and ■■■ being placed into a hazardous situation.
This may have been an excessive misapprehension on Ram’s part, an overestimation of the man she dearly loved.
Howeverーー,
“ーーIt feels far better to believe that the man you love placed trust in you anyways.”
That he thought, should Ram be there, ■■■ and the other members will remain safe and protected.
That he thought, if need be, Ram would take notice of the supposition Roswaal had concealed, and by her volition would turn over the trump card for the purpose of killing the『Dragon』, that he bore such faith.
That the man named Roswaal L. Mathers had acknowledged the ten years of the woman named Ram, to believe so felt far, far better.
That is whyーー,
Ram: “ーーRight now, Ram truly feels the greatest she ever has. Kindly get knocked down.”
  △▼△▼△▼△
  The accomplishments established by the『Fist King』Neiji Rockhardt, is a noteworthy narrative in the『Gladiator Island』Ginunhive of the Sacred Vollachia Empire. ーーNo, once had been a narrative.
Having been met by the tragedy of the Authority of『Gluttony』, now with both sides of『Name』and『Memories』plundered, there existed not anyone anywhere who knew of the achievements established by him as a gladiator.
On the Gladiator Island, wherein strength was used for exhibition, Neiji, solitarily, using his empty hands as weapons survived hundreds of death duels, and finally attained the right of liberation from slavery.
Conceiving the refined fighting spirit in his fists, intercepting swords and daggers, before his fists which shattered steel whatsoever obstacle was equivalent to a maiden’s soft skin, he likely could have been termed as the one to have beaten the most humans to death in history.
With his inordinately brutal nefarious techniques, the『Carnivorous Beast』Beli Heinelga is a rare serial killer who made the Holy Kingdom of Gusteko shudder. ーーNo, once had made it shudder.
Having been met by the tragedy of the Authority of『Gluttony』, now with both sides of『Name』and『Memories』plundered, the vast counts of misfortune and precepts he yielded as a murderer remained not in anyone’s memories.
By birth, Beli displayed abnormal growth, and acquired strength of physical body impossible to be realized in average humans. And, embracing the men of his liking to death, he piled up copious atrocious crimes.
Superhuman strength which his enormous build materialised, and sturdy skin which sustained not a single scratch from swords and daggers. This murderer, who sought touch and warmth, was one of the most dreadful criminals feared along with the『Bowel Hunter』. 
The career history of the『Leaper』Dorkell is eccentric. Formerly a merchant living in Kararagi City States, Dorkell is a deviant who disengaged from his path upon hearing the voice of something not humanーー so he had once been.
Met by the tragedy of the Authority of『Gluttony』, now with both sides of『Name』and『Memories』plundered, the truth of him having become a laughingstock for many as a deviant vanished, with there no longer being anyone remembering that.
One certain day, Dorkell discarded away his life including his wife and children. And, opting for the path espousing that which did not exist, he became a freak who chose to have contact with the Witch Cult.
Though Dorkell manifested a paramount power differing from magic, it deviated from the doctrine of the Witch Cult, a heresy within heresy banished even from the Witch Cult.
In other words, they were transcendental beings from the kinds of enigmatic persons, eccentric persons, and deranged persons.
Impossible to be competed against by ordinary humans, furthermore, they remained unfinished by the mere virtue of being themselves, and blended together with all possible kinds of『Memories』within『Gluttony』, had been finished into articles of greater superlativeness.
What would be the consequence should Neiji Rockhardt obtain Beli Heinelga’s endurance and Dorkell’s ability of phantom teleportation.
It will be, the fruition of a singular brutal, fiendish, atrocious existence seldom seen throughout time.
Until now and amongst all of what yesterday held, the Sin Archbishop of『Gluttony』, Ley Batenkaitos had not achieved that.
For within the grand hotpot named his self, by blending all probable kinds of『Memories』together, he feared the very existence named himself being taken into the hotpot.
However, even if he were to drink up the contents of the mixed hotpot, he shan’t be taken inーー at the very least, that was what Batenkaitos’ notion came to be.
And since it had come to be so, he experimented what all he had never ventured to do until now, possessing not the slightest of qualms or hesitance for breaking through the established bounds of his own self.
For the『Gourmet』who utterly ate every possible kind of excelling, transcending talent, history, potentiality in this worldーー all until the very horizons of『Gourmet Delicacies』, and persisted in amassing it all within oneself, is precisely whom Ley Batenkaitos was.
Thus on this day, what was born in the tower situated at the eastern edge of the world, was a warlock agglutinated with every technique and odd talent, regardless of heredity and posteriori.
The warlock possessed arms which destroyed all, possessed a flesh body which did not accept any type of attacks, possessed magical arts which rejected and countered back any possible technique, and was endowed with even the wisdom, genius and intellect grasping everything that existed.
No matter how extensive a survey should be taken of history, never had there been a being who excelled in every single kind of ability to this extent, and neither will any other take birth hereafter, for thousands of years to come.
This was, a selection of the world’s possibilities, brought forth by the abominable calamity referred to as a Witch Factor.
Born from the grand hotpot which condensed solely excelling articles, the supreme『Gourmet Delicacy』itselfーー,
Ram: “ーーYou shall be given, three chances.”
With that rare existence before her, the young girl with peach-coloured hair uttered with three fingers raised.
The young girl, bleeding from her forehead, with an icy gleam in her light crimson eyes. She was in a condition wherein wounds covered her entire body, and multiple spots of her slim build had sustained tremendous injuries which would impede in movement.
Even aside from those, there existed a mountain’s worth of reasons why she should not be able to stand up. He was aware of that.
The prime cause not being wounds or blood loss, but that her petite body failed to function as a vessel for accepting the existence named herself. ーーTruly heartrending, he ruminated so.
Ram: “Three times, you shall be allowed to strike first. There is something Ram would like to test. Exceptional, is it not?”
However, such deep emotions concerning her not in the slightest, the young girl asserted so whilst three of her fingers remained raised, as though to instigate this side.
Thrice, a deathly verdict. To begin with, even once would be implausible for her to endure.
And, neither did he possess any particular reason to disregard that avouch.
He not at all contemplated whether this was a trap, either.
For the young girl was not one who would meaninglessly proffer such negotiation. He merely thought he must earnestly impart to her, that unbridled confidence brought about the destruction of oneself on instances as well.
That upon being taken into the same grand hotpot, there shall also be things understoodーー,
Ley: “ーーNee-sama, stand by.”
Vehemently, making his hind legs amassing strength erupt, he hammered a blow as per wish.
That was a strike crammed with the Fist King’s technique and finesse of destructive force, possessing far too excessive might for the destruction of a solitary young girl, and it was absorbed by well-featured visage of the young girlーー,
Ram: “Now, first.”
Ley: “ーー~hk!?”
During the moment he conceived he had captured her with certainty, the face of the young girl evaded the fist from a vicinity seemingly close enough for lanugo to graze past. And positioning her hand on the stretching arm, her fired knee strike smashed the right arm from the elbow.
An improbable happening. The tenacious flesh body even the slashes of the heavenly sword could not penetrate into, its stretched arm and the joint of the elbowーー by kneeing into the fixed point that existed solely at this locus, were destroyed by the young girl.
Howeverーー,
With the impact of the fractured right arm as is, he fired his left foot up towards the young girl’s visage.
Though not reprisal for the arm, this side’s own fired knee aimed for her face as well. The lengthy, slender leg, the fair knee smashed and crushed the young girl’s tender snout, ruining her gorgeous visageーー,
Ram: “Second.”
Upon hearing the utterance vocalised by those slim lips, he doubted his ears.
He had executed it such that her mouth would be rendered defunct. However, responding to the knee strike approaching from the side, the young girl moved her hand as though nimbly tracing it, and gently averted its trajectory upward.
The fired knee smoothly transited overhead of the young girl as though it had been fired to trace the empty skies from the very beginning.
Andーー,
Ram: “Third.”
With his right arm and left knee’s strike dodged, using the impetus of his gyrating body he fired a rebuff from his left elbow, sharp and solid, upon making a direct hit it shall crush the young girl’s cranium like a berry, and expel its contents out onto the floor of the tower.
So itーー should have done.
The rebuff aiming for the young girl’s temple of the forehead, was halted merely by a number of swivels of her body.
And, the young girl, dodging the elbow as if informed of its arrival, grasped this side’s face once again with her extended hands,
Ram: “Truly a fool.”
And, voicing with maximum coldheartedness, vigorously knocked this side’s cranium onto the floor.
    △▼△▼△▼△
  Twisting, turning, winding, meandering, Batenkaitos changed his form before her eyes and charged, advancing towards her, and upon knocking him to the ground, Ram pointed three fingers towards his face.
Ram: “One who spars thinking he has three chances, gets defeated in all three of those chances. Should you spar with not even the serious intent to win, then you shall be abandoned even by fortune.”
Ley: “Bhu, gah…… ~hk.”
Ram: “Thank you. It has been proven. ーーNot even the serendipity of time, is now an enemy of Ram.”
For Ram, the utmost appalling enemy was absurd fortune itself.
However, Ram had exorcised that by her own hand, and had made even that prostrate before herself.
No longer, was there anything to be fearful of.
Ley: “ーー~tsu.”
Sprawled on the ground, Batenkaitos swung both of his legs up, and stood up with the impetus of swinging them down. And towards the approaching enemy seeking to hammer his fractured arm in, Ram stepped ahead, wielding no vacillation.
Blood streamed down from her forehead. However, that ache and sense of loss boiled Ram’s blood from the innermost depths.
Ah, how truly infuriating. This sensation, this enchantment, always had she thought of it as vexatious.
The odious Oni instincts, warmly welcoming battling, exalting the brandishing of strength, the craving which boiled blood for the purpose of killing enemies who ought to be killed, had Ram always detested.
That is why, that night, when the horn sprouting from her forehead had been broken off, she thought she had been liberated, and yet.
Ram: “How truly ironic.”
Grousing so, Ram caught the hammer arm, and shoulder threw the opponent with identical momentum. Casting him onto the floor, she kicked his head, propelling him further towards the interior of the aisle.
She could not allow him to draw close to her rear, wherein was the mutilated ground dragon, along with the young girl leaning on the wall.
Rem: “ーーーー”
The young girl who resumed her slumber without change, the horn fleetingly glimmering on her forehead asserted being.
Originally, the young girl who remained asleep possessing no will of her own could not have made her horn function, regardless of being a member of the Oni clan.
However, even with the actual feeling of that remaining vanished, Ram was twin sisters with the young girlーー that which is referred to as『Synthesia』, was a substanceless link oft tied between blood-related beings.
Having attended to the perpetually slumbering Rem during the past year, Ram too had sensed that existence itself.
Not by merely the similitude of outward appearance, but precisely due to the presence of that sensation, Ram had succeeded in objectively accepting the truth of that girl being her younger sister without dissent.
However, between herself and Rem, even the『Synesthesia』remained otiose.
Had Rem gotten even a single nightmare, her fright may have gotten transmitted to Ram, however, during this past year, not even once had anything akin gotten transmitted to her.
In other words, the perpetually slumbering Rem saw no dreams. ーーUnceasingly, she simply gazed into the darkness beyond her eyelids, merely respiring within a desolate, void world.
Thus, it was naught but a coincidence for her to have noticed this way of abusing said『Synesthesia』here.
Though irksome, it was by dint of Subaru’s idea. Because he took up Ram’s burden through a queer power and bestowed upon her the strength to fight, she conceived an idea accomplishing the same.
Those connected together with『Synesthesia』shared mighty sentiments, or even wounds and agony at times.
Though she was ignorant of its principle, this hypothesis was there within a book in Beatrice’s forbidden archive which she had once read in the past.
ーーThat what was termed as『Synesthesia』, operated with the connection of the Od between two differing individuals.
What was termed as the Od, was the source of power existing in the depths of the humanーー it could also be synonymous for the soul.
Though on instances it was also used in place of mana as power for utilising magic, originally, the Od was the pure property itself that made the human be human.
The consequence of having a territory that shan’t be trespassed by anyone, that mutually linked those born of the same womb, perhaps resulted in『Synthesia』, so propounded the theory.
In the end, it came to be determined as a common belief, and was not something that had been proven.
However, since it had been left in the forbidden archive, it surely was not some phoney spiel either. Above all else, Ram personally had taken a liking to that theory.
To have one’s own self and someone else be connected together by birth, was a lovely thing.
Ram: “A multitude of problems were caused, due to that bothersome horn, after all.”
The impulse of destruction transmitted by that white horn, Ram loathed it.
She was exasperated by her environs lionising Ram as the reincarnation of the Oni God as well. There existed not a fragment of connection, between that obscure obsolete being, and Ram.
Ram shan’t deem value in precisely such an entity.
Henceforth, to have one’s own self and someone else be connected together by birth, independent of such an entity, was a lovely thing.
And, if such a connection with someone truly did existーー,
Ram: “ーーCertainly, by birth itself, Ram could not have been stopped from loving her.”
Even as an infant, she shan’t pay regard to means for the sake of protecting that bond.
For the sake of protecting her, for the sake of admiring her, for the sake of adoring her, for the sake of loving her, she shall surely devote her all.
Thusーー,
Ram: “Please do forgive. Your bad nee-sama, who is making you shoulder the burden at this time as well.”
By way of『Synesthesia』, Ram shared the burden levied upon her own flesh body to her sleeping younger sister.
It was in consequence of having experienced Subaru’s Authority by herself once. Having witnessed something once, Ram could largely materialize it identically.
What Subaru did was an identical contrivanceーー it possibly coercively connected others’ Od with one’s own Od, inducing a fairly arbitrary『Synesthesia』. Subaru’s side could possibly consign his burden over if he felt inclined to do so as well, but since Subaru was a fool, he would not do so.
Contrarily, by taking it upon himself, he endeavoured to abate the burden of his allies.
Ram: “ーーTruly a fool.”
Words she had pronounced toward Batenkaitos a short time ago.
However, despite being the same words, they did not echo the same.
What Subaru had achieved through the Authority, Ram could reconstruct it with Rem, whom she was connected to through『Synesthesia』.
She was oblivious to what had transpired at Subaru’s side. However, this would surely serve to ease him. Ram too, could abscond from the repulsive situation namely being connected with Subaru for long.
In lieu, Ram’s burden was streaming towards Rem, althoughーー,
Rem: “ーーーー”
Rem, perpetually slumbering, spoke naught.
Merely gallantly, splendidly, with the white horn she was made to grasp in her stacked handsーー Ram’s broken horn that had been fitted inside her wand, with that as a catalyst, she was consigning the mana flowing into her own horn over to Ram.
It was unfathomable how prodigious a burden shall be laid onto Rem’s body for mediating the expansive mana which Ram required.
ーーTherefore, this was a decisive battle of brief duration.
Ley: “Nee-sa-ma~a~a~ ~tsu!!”
A roar into time, after having been hurled by her kick, Batenkaitos rebounded towards Ram whilst smiling.
Utilising the might of the seeming『Leaper』, the magical technique erased the existing distance in-between in the span of a blink of an eyeーー however, even that technique of phantom teleportation was rendered futile should it get viewed in its entirety by the opponent.
Ram: “You certainly are slow, sluggard. At this rate, Ram will become an old woman.”
She purloined the opponent’s field of vision with『Clairvoyance』.
The opponent’s focus, eye movements, the part wherein strength was being poured, by synthesising these she could read the aim with greater ease than reading the mind.
Dodging the perforating palm, she reversely twisted all five of its fingers as it slipped through.
Pounding a rebuff into his throat seeking to give rise to a skreak, she slammed the opponent into the wall with a sharp spinning kick.
Ley: “Ga…… ~hk.”
Ram: “Although, Ram is cute even when she has grown old.”
Whilst pronouncing so, she seized the opponent’s nape through his clothes and lowered it, dropping him onto the floor by his head yet again. Pelting that face with her heel, she pulverised his snout.
Stepping backward and evading both of the arms attempting to grasp her, she belaboured him with innumerable blades of wind.
Ley: “ーーGhi, a~a~a~a~!!”
Ram: “What an ugly shriek, coming from such an adorable face.”
His entire body slashed by blades of wind, Batenkaitos disappeared whilst spouting blood.
As ever, his flesh body unremittingly repeated transfiguration, however, solely what was atop his neck, that which she was acquainted with by sight, shan’t attempt to transform.
She was close to vomiting. Though Ram shall not, because that would be inelegant.
Ley: “ーーーー”
Whilst shedding immense blood, Batenkaitos artlessly swooped down upon her.
Stating unerringly, he was surely making free use of miraculous superhuman techniques. Coalescing the might of multifarious transcendental beings, from the outset, he must be formulating techniques impossible of being reconstructed by anyone.
That excelling blitz, specialising in all possible orientations, was shut down by Ram through outstripping violence.
She guillotined those monumental techniques of hundreds, of thousands, using might worth millions. This was what the battle had now come to be.
She sought not to even come in contact with Batenkaitos. Her condition felt well.
She grew accustomed to it in Subaru’s absence after all. She had unfastened approximately two more shackles.
Likely fifty percent of her primeーー no, since Ram had been very young in those days, aspects of her that had matured were far mightier now compared to Ram back then.
And, to not wallow in that might, was Ram’s forte.
Ram: “Having the horn broken was correct after all.”
If it weren’t for that night, she may have eventually yielded to the horn’s allurement.
Though she wanted to proclaim that to be improbable, she could not ascertain if it truly was improbable. Thus, Ram attested to the present being correct, and boasted the invigorating nature of the path she had walked.
Owing to the loss of her horn, Ram lived without having to become the『Oni』she detested.
Ram: “To begin with, if it weren’t for that night Roswaal-sama couldn’t have been met, so it wasn’t even worth making a comparison.”
No greater conclusion, wielding that as the answer Ram presented her palm forwards.
At the surface of her palm appeared Batenkaitos, having leapt through space. His countenance, astonished by having the point of his appearance read through, she gripped it tight,
Ram: “You cannot fly in continuity, isn’t it? Have grown tired of looking at your magic tricks. And that face as well.”
Ley: “Waiーー”
Ram: “No waiting.”
An icy pronouncement, Ram materialised a blade of wind in her palm which grasped the opponent’s face.
Within that juncture, his eyes, his nose, his lips, his ears, with all possible parts of his face slashed, Batenkaitos screeched whilst vomiting blood.
With the same momentum, she gouged his face with the blade of wind until it was minced to naught.
And, from Ram’s palm, who sought to accomplish so, Batenkaitos’ form disappeared in but an instant.
However, albeit he escaped, he shan’t be able to escape from the wounds, from the agony, from the reality.
Ley: “Ah, a~a~h, a~a~a~a~hーー ~tsu!!”
Whilst squalling, Batenkaitos writhed as he shed profuse blood instead of tears.
Whilst observing that, Ram steadily advanced her feet towards his side.
Hearing Ram’s approaching footsteps, Batenkaitos’ form changed.
The proprietor of a gigantic, burly flesh body. ーーKnocking the imminent fist down, she shattered his knee.
Kicked down, Batenkaitos’ figure altered in order to escape from Ram.
The giant of a bearded face, taking a spherical stance solidified his defence. ーーKicking his frame upward, she nailed him onto the ceiling with a barrage of fists, gradually transforming what was below his skin, which was the subject of vaunt, into lumps of flesh.
In order to kill Ram, who conferred upon him interminable torture, Batenkaitos’ form altered.
The bald old man, the magical technique of phantom teleportation. ーーWhilst pitying the magical trick whose stratagem had already come to light, she caught him, drove his face into the wall, and sprinted as though to whittle his entire frame.
Ley: “Ah, babababababababa~a~a~ーー ~hk!!”
Repressed by Ram’s prodigious might, Batenkaitos’ entire frame was pared, retaining no place to escape to.
Winding and meandering, his form transfigured within Ram’s grasp as though seeking the optimum solution.
Suppressing it altogether, Ram grieved for the hundreds, thousands, tens of thousands of victims with all of her might.
A memorial held via vehemence for those men and women who had been captured by『Gluttony』, and had the arts they forged, the paths they walked, the emotions they loved, trampled upon, slighted and disparaged.
No longer would arts, paths, emotions be utilised.
For naught was efficacious against Ram.
Ram: “Kindly take your own responsibility, by yourself.”
Swinging her arm, Ram heaved aside the blasphemer who had his entire frame tempestuously pared.
Falling over the floor of the watchtower, Batenkaitos shuddered and trembled. Slowly, steadily, gradually, his form proceeded to alter.
Having relied on multitudes of『Memories』, his form changedーー,
Ram: “Ah, long time no see. Ram wanted to meet, this face. Though this would make for around the third time doing so.”
Ley: “ーーAh, kah, ah.”
As she wiped off the blood on her forehead and loosened her lips, ahead of Ram’s glance was Batenkaitos.
It was Batenkaitos, in the truest possible purport. Not the cunning and wily existence who had, until now, borrowed the faces and techniques of others, but Batenkaitos, who had returned to his own face and form.
Regardless whom should one become, whom should one depend on, whom should one resort to, it is impossible to escape from oneself.
Just as even upon losing her horn, the actuality that Ram was an Oni did not change.
Just as even upon having her『Memories』plundered, the actuality that Ram was Rem’s elder sister did not change.
Ram: “In the very end at least, would you like to try resisting using your own strength?”
Ley: “ーーーー”
Ram: “By the way, you said something curious on the spiral staircase, didn’t you. ーーIt seems, you have a younger brother or younger sister, isn’t it. For the sake of your younger siblings, how about putting your willpower to display?”
Collapsed down, Batenkaitos’ painful breathing abruptly diminished.
He had not lost his life. He had reacted to Ram’s remark.
Younger brother and younger sister, the moment he heard the echo of those words, Batenkaitos’ breath faintly calmed down. And, steadily, Batenkaitos revitalised his body at his locusーー,
Ley: “Ou…r…… ou…r…… little sister, don’t……”
Ram: “Don’t lay a finger on her, you say? Sorry, but do you think you’re in a position where you can make such an insistence? Have you ever lent your ears to someone’s plea even once?”
Ley: “But, still……”
Ram: “ーーーー”
Distorting his bloodstained, crumpled face, Batenkaitos pleaded with a tearful voice.
Upon the call of that poignant yet remarkably genuine echo, Ram slightly straitened her eyes. Afterwards, along with a sigh, she closed her eyes.
Ram: “Will thinkーー”
Ley: “ーーNee-sama, is far too kind.”
Within the juncture, the moment her gaze went astray, Batenkaitos bequeathed simply those words behind, and erased his form.
The spacial leap of the『Leaper』Dorkellーー leaving not a single vestige behind, the blasphemer vanished from her field of vision.
ーーHe had escaped. 
    △▼△▼△▼△
  Ley: “Haha ~tsu! Ahahaha ~tsu! Ahakhahahaha~!”
Utilising the odd talent of『Leaper』Dorkell with freedom, Batenkaitos fled from Ram’s territory.
No longer, shall he consider recklessness like eating Ram. Paying no regard to appearances, he chose flight.
Can’t win. Can’t win. Can’t win against that one.
Just as he had thought, that one was a monster. How conventional for her to have bought time and returned after becoming more powerful as well.
That one, was a kind of existence who shan’t get atop neither the platter of gourmet nor the platter of bizarre eating.
Ley: “Louis and Roy, really sorry you two, but you kno~w! Preliminary preparation of ingredients is crucial in gourmet.”
Whilst pressing the injuries of his entire body, Batenkaitos melancholically laughed upon his younger brother and sister who had been aiming for the same prey.
Louis had promptly withdrawn from the war front to safety, and Roy too would be rampaging in a seperate site about now. If that Oni were to just aim for those two, he would also be able to withdraw at leisure.
Since Roy of『Bizarre Eating』did not know when to retreat, he may finally die, but it can’t be helped.
Rather, he had been getting fed up of Roy’s『Bizarre Eating』. Because that chap laid waste to hunting grounds per his pleasure, there must have been instances where gourmet delicacies supposed to come around to this side had gotten stolen away.
ーーNo, had what his self feasted upon until now, truly been『Gourmet Delicacies』.
Ley: “Each and every single one, useless…… a~h, shit! Shit, shit, shit! Something like that, to think something like that exists, you kno~w! Even though it would’ve been all good had we not known about it, you kno~w!!”
That, was not a sentiment induced by the feelings of a younger sister doting on her elder sister.
That, was a sentiment yearning for something inestimable, unfathomable, immenseーー born from Batenkaitos’ within, in the truest of truest sense, a potent emotion wishing for its desire from the depths of his heart.
Want to, completely eat that one. With all of body and soul, want to completely savour that one.
Championing『Gourmet』, he intended to have eaten all possible emotions and transcending, excelling talents. However, now that he was aware of the presence of the『Genuine』in this world, everything had faded away.
All of what the existence named Ley Batenkaitos, as the Sin Archbishop of『Gluttony』, had trusted as possessing worth and garnered, crumbled to ruin and transformed into rubbish.
Those lavish dinner tables which had been visible with such glisten, had been reduced to sand pits with mud dumplings atop.
Ley: “Want, that one.”
Want it, want it, want it, want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want it want itーー,
If for the sake of eating that one, throwing anything and everything away would be completely fine.
If for the purpose of eating that one, there would be no regrets in losing all that had been amassed until now.
Don’t want to savour anything other than that one. Don’t want to fulfill oneself with anything other than that one.
Ley: “Obugh, ghuee.”
Whilst sprinting, vomit leaked out from the edge of Batenkaitos’ mouth.
Pain or anguish were not the cause. It was merely unbearable. Articles he trusted to be the finest were not so, and due to having become aware of what was supreme, all of what fulfilled his self was foul.
Why, did he regard anything aside from that one as splendid. Commend anything aside from that one. Surfeit anything aside from that one.
Simply what of him would be『Gourmet』, should he love anything aside from the truly splendidーー.
Ley: “A~h, that’s right, that is right, isn’t that right, surely that is right, certainly that is right, indeed that is right, because that is right, because we wish for it to be right! Gluttonous drinking ~tsu! Gluttony ~tsu!”
Surging appetite, hunger advancing toward fulfillment, and, the outcry from his heart wishing for and imploring desire.
The desire to become one, the desire to blend together, if appetite was to intake external existences, then the『Gluttony』impelling his self was superlative love.
Ley: “Love you, love you…… yes! Love you ~tsu! Nee-sama…… no, Ram! We love youーー”
The maximal emotion blooming within his self, whilst he attempted to clamour it loud, his words were abruptly interrupted.
The cause was pain, and that it was the incidence of a novel anguish.
Ley: “ーーAh?”
Checking his cheek, Batenkaitos ascertained his palm dyed with rich blood.
The fresh slash, a wound ripping Batenkaitos’ cheek, who had been heading towards the outside of the tower in order to escapeーー its cause, empty space.
Ley: “ーーーー”
Wordlessly stretching his finger to that point, Batenkaitos observed his finger get cut.
In the empty space, was an invisible blade.
Ley: “Huh.”
That was, the same technique as what Batenkaitos had displayed to Ram at the spiral staircase.
The art of installing blades of invisibility in space was a legendary shinobi technique, but it didn’t matter whose『Memories』it was in since he had already thrown it away.
The issue was the presence of a blade here, which Batenkaitos did not remember placing behind.
Ley: “It can’t be……”
Avoiding the blade that had slightly cut his finger, Batenkaitos attempted to advance his feet further towards the interiorーー his tiptoes were blown off, and he inclined backwards whilst shrieking “Ahii ~hk”.
And, with the inclining back of his head also slightly whittled, he rigidified his face and stood still.
ーーHe was enclosed, by invisible blades.
Ley: “……Haha, seriously?”
He had shown it to her, merely once.
Once in the midst of battle, that too it was an invisible technique, so she must not have seen it either.
Moreover, she had not ever practically even stepped foot in this place. Yet regardless, she had seized this side’s escape route, and had stationed invisible blades in advance.
Ley: “ーーーー”
Batenkaitos put his hand, not on his left eye which had been slashed by the blade of wind and had ceased functioning, but on his right eye which was narrowly in good health. ーーThrough『Clairvoyance』, Ram was jointly sharing this eye.
She, did not let Batenkaitos escape. Overlapping with this eye, she shan’t let him escape.
Ley: “Hihah.”
Batenkaitos laughed. No longer could he do anything, but laugh.
He had loved. For the first time, had mightily, powerfully yearned for something. He was charmed, by that unordinary essence.
Andーー,
Ley: “Ah! Wait, please do wait! Hold on hold on, a bit more! Just a bit more! Just a bit more, so ~tsu!”
No matter how much shall he implore to 『Clairvoyance』, the voice shan’t reach, that was per knowledge.
Thus, his frantic calls were not for the opponent to hear. They were for impelling oneself.
In great fluster and haste, Batenkaitos held fast to the wall immediately beside him.
He had done something impetuous by discarding away what he had eaten. If only the remarkable genius of the『Fist King』had remained, he could have overcome this facing no hardship.
Deferring those emotions as well, Batenkaitos struck his arms into the invisible blades. The wrists of both of his hands erupting, blood cascaded out of the mouth of those wounds.
It hurts, it hurts, it hurts, it hurts but, pain, doesn’t matter right now.
Ley: “Please do accept, our feelings ~tsu! Please do watch over, our wishes ~tsu!”
Merely, pressing his arms spouting blood onto the wall, with all of his strength, he drew letters.
With dusky blood, using his small, petite body with all of his might, he drew enormous, gigantic letters onto the wall of the sand tower.
Ley: “Buha~ ~hk.”
And, making his own self stand back, he viewed those letters with his right eye dilated.
For those letters of blood depicted on the wall, to reach the one whom he eternally wished for from the bottom of his heart.
Because if her then certainly, until the very end of the end, she shall kindly watch over whilst remaining overlapped with his own self.
  Ley: “Ah, love yーー”
  ーーBefore he could reach the end of his words, the Sin Archbishop of『Gluttony』had been beheaded by a blade of wind.
    △▼△▼△▼△
  Ram: “ーーFula.”
Swinging her fingers, having hurled the blade of wind, Ram whispered merely a single word.
Even if the proportion of magic had impact within its range of effect, that power itself did not undergo severe change. Not to mention, if only a slim neck was to be blown off through the cutting ability of the blade of wind, then even the minimum power sufficed.
Pursuing the back of『Gluttony』who had fled, Ram had fired a solitary blade of wind.
She had deftly grasped the trace of the desperately escaping『Gluttony』through『Clairvoyance』.
She had employed certain tricks as a hurdle in his path for her aim to be precise, but they seemed to have functioned well for how hurriedly they had been constructed.
And, on the brink of the final blade’s arrival,『Gluttony』undertook abnormal conduct.
Slashing off his own arms, using that blood, he drew letters of blood onto the wall.
Though that which was squalid and dreadfully arbitrary, was malignant bedevilment possessing no worth to even be viewedーー,
“ーーーー”
At the very end of the end, having watched over the upward soar as those blood letters birled and gyrated, she closed her eyes.
She did so entirely because she could not have taken relief otherwise. She had not an atom of obligation, that she ought to watch over.
The blasphemer, erred his final choice.
Had he put his life on the line for the sake of his younger siblings, Ram would not have denied him mercy either. However, putting aside the undeniable genuinity of his words, he also used that as bait and deceived Ram, making it also a tool for his own self’s survival.
He likely did not know the method of restoring what was eaten either. Had he known, he was supposed to have pleaded for his life with that as material for negotiation. ーーHe did not. Thus, he had to suffer nemesis.
Ram: “Those who wield the sword fall to the sword, those who cling to evil fall to evil, those who yield to fire fall to fire. ーーAnd, those who wish for the Oni fall to the Oni, destroyed by what one relies on.”
ーーThat was, the divine providence of retribution Ram placed her faith in.
Swinging her arm down, she let a long exhale.
Afterwards, Ram turned backwards, returning to the extensively ruined aisle. She could not have fought at close vicinity, so she had taken upon herself to be further distant.
A vexing sense of distance, hence Ram’s gait spontaneously became restless.
“ーーDodogyuuun.”
Once she made her return by treading through the collapsed wall, what greeted Ram was the cry of a tall Ground Dragon.
That jet black Ground Dragon had aptly manoeuvred its body and concealed Rem’s figure behind. Worst-case scenario, had the one to return not been Ram, then it perhaps intended to act like a shield or so.
Despite being in such a tattered state, for it to gallantly abide by Subaru’s command, it was truly a Ground Dragon too good for Subaruーー,
Ram: “ーーNo, that’s wrong. Did you also, wish to protect Rem?”
“ーーーー”
Ram: “Yes…… you truly are a good girl, Patrasche.”
She softly caressed that Ground Dragon’s neck.
It would also be necessary to immediately carry her wounded, injured self to the『Green Room』as well. Even the Ground Dragon who exemplified befitting loyalty, could not be made to strain itself with these injuries.
Neither did Ram wish to do anything preposterous to the benefactory personーー the benefactory dragon of her younger sister.
Subsequently, expressing her gratitude to the Ground Dragon, Ram made her way to Rem, who was being protected behind her.
The sharing of the horn’s might utilising『Synesthesia』had already been undone, so no horn was present on her forehead. However, the recoil of having shouldered Ram’s strength, commensurate with that of the Oni God, had soundly eaten into that body of her’s.
Such that Ram herself felt heavy upon contemplating the recoil that surely will pay a call upon her soon.
Butーー,
Ram: “Right now, at this time, anything boorish cannot be thought of.”
Gently kneeling down at her position, Ram positioned her hand onto the cheek of her perpetually slumbering younger sister.
The bond as sisters devoid of actual feeling, now accompanied with a far greater certitude of actual feeling compared to before, she felt lovability and cherishment overflow.
With her horn broken off, having lost her might as the reincarnation of the Oni God, she had lived until today.
For what purpose did that night of blazes befall, until now Ram had surmised it had befell for the purpose of making her herself, neither did she consider that to be mistaken.
However, starting today and this moment, that changed.
The reason why that day, Ram’s horn had been broken offーー,
Ram: “ーーIt was to realize, today, here, that Ram is Rem’s nee-sama.”
For she had been able to actually feel, with the contact between the soul and the soul via『Synesthesia』, that they were twins who shared the same world, that they were irreplaceable elder and younger sisters.
Ram: “More than ever before, Ram wants to talk to you. What kind of a time, did you and Ram spend. What kind of a yesterday did you and Ram collect, let’s replenish the devoid reminiscences together.”
Since time flowed without halt, however many reminiscences of the future could be mounded.
Thus, for everything to not evanesce remaining unknown, remaining unremembered, day after day, let’s make flowers bloom in reminiscences as many times as need be.
Ram: “Let’s converse lots, of what yesterday held.”
The『Sleeping Beauty』shan’t respond.
Although, without letting her chest congeal upon her silence and instead fulfilling it with something warm, Ram smiled.
Whilst smiling, with no longer any qualms for her own emotions, she moved her lips.
Ram: “ーーLove you, Rem.”
Certainly, no matter how the time they had collected by the two of them had been, these emotions alone shan’t turn traitor.
Enigmatically, upon vocalising what was identical to the last words of the distorted Sin Archbishop, though it was ultimately the same note, it did not echo the same.
  Those who are unbeknownst to love, and those who live in love, can never echo, the same.
Never, can they echo, the same.


Chapter 88
Her head swayed from left to right rather violently.
She slowly came to notice someone was carrying her like luggage, and this someone was running as if their life depended on it.
Not that it was particularly her first time, being carried like this, no.
To say she was actually used to it would be an exaggeration. It would rather be much more apt to say that, she had experienced being lugged around like a suitcase very often, though the fault for that lay in her partner, who had little consideration to spare for her.
Meili: “Stop shaking me so much, Elsa…”
Regardless of how many times she requested, they fell on deaf ears. Yet nevertheless, she found it hard to describe her relationship with her.
Calling her an accomplice or a partner was difficult, as this relationship lacked the foundation of trust required, and the two were nearly not close enough for her to call Elsa her ‘sister’ or ‘mother’. Calling her a friend felt strange as that was definitely not what their relationship was like, but calling her an acquaintance was just as difficult as they weren’t as strangers to one another.
So Meili always sunk into deep thought over this. What kind of relationship did they truly have?
――What did Elsa see herself as to Meili?
Meili: “Come on, stop shaking me so muuuch…”
Voicing her complaints mattered little, but saying nothing at all felt like she had resigned herself so she couldn’t let herself up either. Thus she kept speaking up, even if her words would not be heard―― Or so she at least tried.
As if coating her words, some hot liquid flowed out of her mouth before she could speak. Her first thought was that her breakfast was flying out of her mouth, but that was incorrect.
It was blood, deep crimson in color, gushing out from the depths of her tiny body.
Subaru: “She won’t stop bleeding, damnit! Beako, what should we do!?”
Beatrice: “Just-! For now, just make sure she throws up whatever blood is in her throat completely, I suppose! Things will get much worse if the blood clots there, in fact!”
Voices rung around her, then she was abruptly tilted to her side. Blood unendingly ran up her throat and out her mouth, mixed with her cough and mucus.
Something touched her lips, and the blood clotting in her throat was quickly sucked out. It was just in the nick of time, as air finally filled her lungs and rushed to her brain.
Subaru: “――pheh! Alright, she’s breathing again! Beako, hit her with some healing!”
Beatrice: “I know, I know I suppose! But we can’t keep doing this over and over, in fact.”
Subaru: “I get that!… I pushed Meili too far, this is on me. I’ll pay my dues.”
Meili realized there was some shouting going on above her, but from the moment she could breathe, her mind and body became too heavy to make anything out.
No, that couldn’t have been the case. She must have been tired all along. It was only that the body perceived that its biggest danger was gone, so her consciousness could finally focus on other functions. She could finally feel exactly how bad the damage she’d taken was.
Her hands and feet were limp, and her head spun. She’d thrown up close to three cupfuls of blood. She felt as if her entire body were ablaze, but she could pinpoint that the origin of those vicious flames was her back.
There was something wrong there, something very wrong with her entire back.
That was likely the reason why she couldn’t move her body and was continually throwing up blood, she thought.
The two shouting on top of her, what she was doing right before this, all of it was vague and foggy.
Yet, even in her world of fog and mist, she could make out something distinct.
Indeed, that was――,
Meili: “A… Promise….”
She could make out the distinct silhouette of a promise, a promise she’d exchanged with someone――.
  △▼△▼△▼△
  ――From the moment forth the titanic scorpion had changed its color, the light it fired was the greatest it had till now.
The swelling bright, white light scattered in all directions, turning numerous aflame Hungry Horse Kings aiming for its crimson hide to dust, sending ripples across the sea of sand.
Of course, neither Subaru nor Beatrice could avoid being caught up in the destruction, but Meili had the worst of it all.
Having to command the Witchbeasts led her to lean too far ahead, so when the titanic scorpion,―― the Crimson Scorpion unleashed its counterattack, she was caught within its vicious aftermath.
The only silver lining was she had escaped being skewered by needles of light. Should she have been so much as scraped by one, her tiny body would have surely been vapourized.
However, even if that had not come to pass, it still remained truth that she was hit directly with a blast strong enough to part and ripple the sea of sand. That alone was enough to deal near-fatal damage.
Subaru: “Meili!!”
She was in an awful state when Subaru and Beatrice rushed to get to her collapsed body on the sand. Perhaps due to curling up at the last moment, the most major of her injuries were on her back.
With her black cloak blown off by the blast, her marred skin lay bare under burnt cloth. Faced with her charred and lacerated skin in front of his eyes, his vision wavered for a moment.
However――,
Subaru: “Am I really that stupid? What on earth am I here for!?”
Latching onto his consciousness with a balled fist, he called forth the power hidden within him.
『Cor Leonis』was already active―― The power that allowed him to shoulder the pains and burdens his companions felt, he increased its flow from Meili to him, allowing him to take on almost all of the pain Meili felt from her near-fatal injury.
Naturally, it would be unwise to take on all of her pain, that if it were to cause him to collapse, the consequences would be unforeseeably great. Thus he took on the greatest of portion he could manage without fainting but,
Subaru: “I’m still good… I can take it――Right, Natsuki Subaru?”
Were it his previous self here, he may have lost both his composure and his heart, ending in an unsightly show of disgrace.
However, Subaru understood well what it meant to go down the path of『Natsuki Subaru』. He knew what purpose his existence served, naturally, but he also knew there were some things he alone could accomplish.
Therefore――,
Subaru: “――Emilia-tan… Julius looks to be doing just fine. Echidna, Patrasche and Rem seem to be safe too.”
He looked through the presence of his companions fighting their battles within the tower, confirming to himself their statuses.
While Emilia’s disappearance gnawed away at him, he also felt concern about Julius’ status during his battle with Reid. Even Echidna and Patrasche’s locations within the tower filled him with anxiety, but in the end, he decided to put his faith in all of them.
Instead, he turned his attention to Ram, and the Meili who lay right in front of his eyes.
Subaru: “――kh.”
Immediately, Subaru groaned, his viscera on fire. Meili’s burden of pain had begun flooding into him.
In truth, taking on Ram’s strain was exhausting as it was. Taking on Meili’s burden of near-death pain was akin to suicide.
Subaru: “Shit…!”
He’d thrown out his words with vigor, but could not find enough of it to push his limits further.
Thus it came down to him requiring to reduce the flow of burden from Ram to him, to take on more of Meili’s pain, who was near death.
Ram, being as sharp as she is, would likely be able to deduce his reasoning from that alone.
Subaru: “I’m definitely gonna get yelled at later…”
‘Heh! Look at you in this pitiful state. You’ll always be a Barusu, a man of just talk.’
As that all-too-possible image of Ram flashed through his mind, Subaru grit his teeth and drank back the blood rising in his throat.
Even though『Cor Leonis』could only take on the mental, and not physical, burdens of others, the spread of the taste of death in his mouth was a sign the feedback was indeed affecting him beyond his mental state.
The effect of the mind on the body was far greater than he had imagined.
He’d heard before that should a person believe there was a hot iron rod pressed on their skin, burns would appear.
In other words, taking on Meili’s excruciating pain meant he would experience it and his body would reproduce the source of that pain.
If he didn’t exercise caution, Beatrice would have two corpses on her hands.
Subaru: “Yeah, I’d really like to avoid that――!”
He spat out what blood had accumulated in his mouth, then lifted Meili up in his arms. Then he ducked below a Hungry Horse King’s flaming spear and ran away as Beatrice shot a few arrows of purple to keep it at bay.
The Hungry Horse King that came attacking just now was the one Subaru and co. were riding.
In a shocking turn of events, the Witch Beast saw its chance in the chaos and betrayed its new comrades―― Not. It was simply that Meili’s Divine Protection had worn off, resulting in the Witch Beast to return to its usual cold and bloodthirsty demeanor.
Without Meili, Witch Beasts were enemies of mankind, and by proxy, Subaru’s enemies.
Such wicked Beasts lurked under the sea of sand in numbers uncountable.
Meili: “Hck-!”
Subaru: “Meili!”
Meili vomited more blood as Subaru carried her around like loose luggage, desperately avoiding the lunging Witch Beasts. His frustration at the situation grew only more as he watched the color drain from her face.
He had no leeway of settling down and healing Meili. And if this continued――,
Subaru: “Shit, she won’t stop bleeding! Beako! What should we do!?”
Beatrice: “Just-! For now, just make sure she throws up whatever blood is in her throat completely, I suppose! Things will get much worse if the blood clots there, in fact!”
Beatrice made sure none of the Witch Beasts dared come closer as she tried to keep up with Subaru’s pace with fervor alone. In that time, Subaru shook Meili, trying to get her to cough and spit out all the blood in her throat.
However, she looked just as pale, and the trickle of blood flowing out of her did not halt. With no other way out, curled his fist into a ball and pressed one end against her lips, then tried to suck the blood out of her throat through the other way.
Meili: “Hck-! Gheh-!”
Subaru: “――pheh! Alright, she’s breathing again! Beako, hit her up with some healing!”
Beatrice: “I know, I know I suppose! But we can’t keep doing this over and over, in fact.”
Subaru: “I get that!… I pushed Meili too far, this is on me. I’ll pay my dues.”
Though to be precise, Subaru had already begun paying his dues for his mistake.
Even after he had taken off a part of the burden he had been taking from Ram, he was beginning to turn pale himself.
It would all depend on how much more time he could get this way――,
Subaru: “No, this is where I gotta push harder. Can’t even call myself a man if I can’t…”
Beatrice: “Furya-! I suppose!”
Subaru: “Ooh!?”
His teeth clenched, Subaru ran with Meili in his arm as the effects of his Authority spread throughout his body. At that moment, Beatrice suddenly jumped and latched onto his head.
Startled at this unexpected event, but regardless ends up giving Beatrice an awkward piggyback. Of course, Beatrice weighed as much as a ball of cotton――,
Subaru: “Bea――”
Beatrice: “Subaru, stop trying to shoulder everything by yourself, in fact. We are partners, Subaru and Betty. Meili is our friend too, I suppose. You’re not the only one who wishes to help, Subaru.”
Subaru: “――――”
She pressed her tiny hands on his head and softly voiced her appeal.
Subaru fell silent. Beatrice moved her hand to Meili and cast her gentle healing magic.――Slowly, a warm light filled her body, and in proxy, Subaru’s as well.
Beatrice too was concerned for her friends. He could feel her emotions come through the warm light.
Subaru: “――――kh.”
Beatrice: “――――”
Behind them, the Witch Beasts continued their battle against each other.
Fortunately, even with Meili’s Divine Protection having worn off, the Beasts had no desire to make peace with the Crimson Scorpion. The Hungry Horse Kings, and the numerous other forms of Witch Beasts, all were warring amongst each other.
The Crimson Scorpion’s giant pincers and long tail all smashed away any Witch Beast that stood between it and Subaru.
Then again, more than half of the countless Witch Beasts were aiming for him, so there was still no time for rest.
Subaru: “What other choice do I even――”
Truth be told, it wasn’t as if he had no other choice.
While there was no way to emerge victorious immediately, he could indeed make use of Beatrice’s wish to help Meili to improve his chances.
However, he hesitated to carry it out, because he did not know whether it would be possible to put it into practice without trying it, and because the inspiration for that technique had come from the worst of the worst.
But――,
Beatrice: “Subaru! If your concern for Betty is why you’re hesitating, Betty doesn’t want that kind of half-assed concern, I suppose! If Betty isn’t the reason, then we can go apologize to them later! Together, in fact!”
“――――”
Beatrice: “Betty wants to share in your pain, in your joy… Don’t leave Betty out! That was one of the clauses of our contract, I suppose!”
He did not know what expression she saw on his face, but she exploded with anger regardless.
Because she was riding on top of his head, he could not see her expression. However, he could tell, even if she was puffed up with anger, she looked adorable, this little girl he proudly called his partner. Precisely so, her words offered him the courage he needed, and the comfort he desired.
He had no room for hesitation.
His very reason for his hesitation, his partner herself had declared there was no need.
So――,
Subaru: “I totally love you, Beako.”
Beatrice: “Betty loves you more than that, in fact.”
Once they expressed each other’s affections, Subaru gently laid Meili on the ground.
In his heart, he decided he would, at no cost, allow this life to be lost――,
Subaru: “――Cor Leonis, Second Shift.”
He gave his ability, the『Lion’s Heart』, a new name as he changed gears within himself.
By doing so, he amplified the effect of his Authority, the『Little King』,――He’d been scolded for being a king who carried the burdens of his subjects, all alone.
Having said that, this was not as shameless as the『Greed』of pushing one’s burdens onto another.
What Subaru desired was to divide, to share his burdens with others who would stand with him.
In other words――,
Subaru: “Second Shift――Division of Labour.”
The burdens that Subaru alone carried, he could now divide and share that burden with one willing to help him carry it.
And the only one who offered to do as much while also being in close proximity was――、
Beatrice: “――Subaru.”
Subaru: “Yeah?”
Beatrice: “……This is incredibly taxing, I suppose!!”
Subaru: “Well, yeah, it’s super taxing!!”
With that, the second part of Cor Leonis was activated and the burden he carried was shared with Beatrice.
He could share half of what was his to carry. He could only spare half of that half. Even so, that alone brought him relief. On the other hand, Beatrice’s face turned pale as she took on the burden he shared.
She yelled to mask her pain, and Subaru returned her thought the same way.
It was taxing. It was painful. He wanted to stop right away.
To hell with this pretend king play with taking on everyone’s burdens.――Therefore, this Little King could stand up, only because there were others willing to support him in his endeavors.
Subaru: “Right, by the way, there’s no way in hell…”
Beatrice: “――――”
Subaru: “I’m pushing that much of my burden on you. Too bad.”
Having shared his burden with Beatrice, Subaru turned his attention to the Crimson Scorpion as Beatrice continued treating Meili from his back.
He could still feel Shaula in there, a light that remained connected to him through Cor Leonis. Her faint, but certain light.
Yet unfortunate as it was, Subaru could not simply dump the burden he and Beatrice shared and carried onto the Crimson Scorpion.――Likely because it possessed neither the will to wish for, nor accept that burden.
Only those who wished to support this『Little King』could share in his burden.
Indeed, a truly easy-to-understand, inflexible power. Precisely why it allowed its user to hold no pride.
He was always reminded that he could stand straight only because there was someone there, supporting him.
“Beako! Move your hands while you think!”
“――tch、that’s too tall an order, in fact!!”
Her hands would tend to Meili, healing her, while her mind would race to think about what to do next to escape their precarious situation. Because, the Crimson Scorpion’s tail had lit aglow once more with white light, its malice aimed at Subaru――,
“――E•M•M!!”
His one-time absolute invincibility trump card was flushed away, and the subsequent shockwave swallowed the three whole.
  △▼△▼△▼△
  ーーThe happenings below the clouds shall not be conveyed to Emilia, who was above the clouds.
But, identical to her comrades fighting with their lives on the line, upon the extremity of passing through a fierce battle, Emilia had finally stepped foot in that place.
“ーーーー”
Making her way to the uppermost stratum of Pleiades Watchtower, further above the first layer, the summit in the truest sense.
In the location she had reached via the sacrifice of multiple ice warriors, what Emilia laid her eyes upon was the base of the central pillar. ーーPositioned there, was a black monolith.
The monolith itself appeared to be identical to what she had seen during the course of the third layer’s『Trial』.
What was different was that the monolith was not levitating, and the presence of an eye catching feature at its surface, which was supposed to be completely levelled.
That wasーー,
Emilia: “Someone’s, handprints?”
Having rounded her amethyst eyes, in Emilia’s field of vision were multiple handprints imprinted onto its surfaceーー six in total, handprints of differing men and women.
It could be understood by the size of palms or the thicknesses of fingers that all of them were hands of seperate humans.
Merely unmistakable that since those personages went out of their way to leave their handprints together like this, they were on close terms with each other and were people connected to this watchtowerーー,
Emilia: “……Could it be, Shaula’s Master-sama, or, Reid?”
That was all Emilia could think of, when she pondered about people connected to the watchtower.
Volcanica was also here, but all of the handprints present here belonged to humans, so it did not seem that any of his dragon traces had been left behind.
Thus, Emilia could think of simply two amongst six of the people concerning the handprints.
Emilia: “ーー? Wait, this is.”
Having thought that far, Emilia felt a sense of discomfort by one of the handprints.
Amidst the six handprints, that was the gently printed firstly positioned handprintーー though next to it was a handprint of approximately the same size, the ones positioned as the first two were evidently small.
Perhaps because solely these two were handprints of females.
And, what drew Emilia’s attention was one of the handprints, that beingーー,
Emilia: “This handprint, is mine……?”
Whilst furrowing her eyebrows, Emilia whispered as she looked down onto her right hand.
Though that would be odd, she did not feel it to be so. It seemed one of the handprints printed on this monolith, was her own.
“ーーーー”
Inhaling, Emilia faced the monolith. And in order to dispel her misgivings, she reached for that handprint with her own right handーー,
???: [ーーThou, who hath reached the top of the tower. Step forth through the first floor, almighty petitioner.]
Emilia: “ーー~hk! It came back!”
An instant prior to her touching the monolith, Emilia turned towards the relentless voice descending from above.
And once she did, what she saw was Volcanica who flapped his wings, descending and positioning itself on the uppermost stratum, who had gotten the white scale on his throat touched by Emilia’s ice warrior and had agonized tempestuously.
Volcanica: [ーーーー]
Facing her back towards the monolith, Emilia once again confronted the『Divine Dragon』.
The battle of climbing the pillar had been immensely arduous, but if it were to be resumed here then she shall be coerced into an intense struggle. This place was spacious in itself, but the uppermost stratum’s space was narrower than that of the first layer, difficult to scuffle in.
Emilia: “Also, it’ll be rea~lly problematic if the monolith gets broken……”
The monolith’s durability was unknown.
When she had encountered the monolith on the third layer as well, she had been stopped from striking it by Julius and Ram, so its solidity remained unclear.
However, no matter how sturdily should it be built, Emilia did not believe it could safely withstand a blow by the might of the『Divine Dragon』.
Emilia: “If you hit it, it’ll surely break. Soーー!”
She could not let him do so, conceiving that thought, Emilia summoned seven soldiers of ice in her environs yet again.
The ice warriors had been thoroughly shattered for the purpose of making her reach the uppermost stratum, but identical to Emilia, their expressions were brimming with determination, reassuring.
Matching in with them as they wielded weapons of ice, Emilia held two ice swords in her hands.
And, in unity with the seven ice warriors, plunged into Volcanica.
Emilia: “Let’s go, everyone! Volcanica, has a weakness in its white part of the neck.”
Since he had displayed such a vehement reaction, that white scale was Volcanica’s weakness.
Though she did not wish to go so far as to wound it, should someone reach merely for touching it, Emilia would be able to obtain time for examining the monolithーー,
Emilia: “ーーEh?”
The subsequent instant, Emilia spilled her voice upon the gyrating reversal of her above and below.
“ーーーー”
Far too sudden for her to judge what had occurred.
There was merely a nimble sensation of contact at her feet, having priorly stepped ahead in order to advance. That too, so faint that she had noticed its touch only after being turned upside down.
And, along with thatーー,
Emilia: “Ah.”
The seven ice warriors in Emilia’s environs, who had been turned upside down, shattered at once.
All of them had solely their heads shattered with skill, transforming into the form of mana unable to resist. By the point of having sensed that by her skin, Emilia took notice with a shudder.
This just now, had been Volcanica’s tail.
Volcanica’s tail had swiftly swept Emilia’s legs, and had smashed the heads of the ice warriors with the same.
Her throat froze upon comprehending that a singular swift whip by the tail had realized that.
This was in an entirely different league from the surprise attack Emilia had instantaneously managed to guard against.
If Subaru’s whip counted for one, then Volcanica’s tail whip counted for a thousand or ten thousand, that was the margin of difference.
Even Emilia would have been relentlessly defeated before that enormous attack.
Thus, she held a doubt.
Emilia: “Why, did he go soft on me……?”
For Emilia he had swept her legs, for the ice warriors he had shattered their heads.
What was the identity of the difference born here. It could not have been, that he retaliated against them because they possessed faces identical to what had earlier touched his white scale, that seemed improbable.
Having thought far, Emilia remembered she had not escaped from the circumstance of having been turned upside down.
Emilia: “Oh nーー ~hk.”
At this pace, she was just on the verge of being knocked to the floor by her head.
Once again Emilia’s legs, who was midair having been turned upside down, were struck with a soft impact from the side,
Emilia: “Bloody……!”
Halfway reversed from being upside down, Emilia made a landing in jeopardy.
And, having raised her face, she made an expression of being endangeredーー,
Volcanica: [What art thou doing.]
Pronouncing so was the form of the『Divine Dragon』, his face pointing toward Emilia’s gaze.
Emilia: “Um……?”
That was quite literally ahead of her eyes and nose.
Vicinity that should Emilia inch her face forward even a little, she would touch that rock-hard robust skin and nose.
For the dragon’s face to be at this distance itself was enough to astonish Emilia.
However, what bewildered Emilia furthermore wasーー,
Emilia: “You’re saying, something different from what you had been constantly repeating earlier!”
Volcanica: [ーーーー]
Emilia: “Did you return to sanity? Then, can you talk about some stuff? Like about the『Trial』, or about changing the established rules of this watchtower, there’s a lot of stuff I need to discuss……”
Emilia vocalised rapidly, having descried hope in Volcanica’s condition.
If the『Divine Dragon』whom she thought had gotten Alzheimer’s had been restored, she could once again converse regarding the『Trial』. Hence, it would not be necessary for her to forcefully resort to violent measures.
Emilia: “Hey, please! Properly converse……”
Volcanica: [What were to happen should thou tumble. Should that perchance happen, I would be the one to accept reprimand…… Since, everyone bows before thee.]
Emilia: “Volcanica……?”
Anxious about the circumstance of everyone within the tower, Emilia desperately implored, whilst Volcanica once again pronounced words that were not a repetition.
However, the content did not seem to correspond as being a response to Emilia’s words, her bewilderment augmented.
However, Volcanica’s amber eyes gazing at Emilia, dwelling therein was a calm hue.
Unlike the immediately former ambiguity akin to vacuum, it had the light of emotion.
Gently, calmly, he intently gazed at Emilia as though with affectionーー,
Volcanica: [To where have Flugel and Reid gone? It would be lonesome for Shaula with not even any words of parting. Farsale too, would kick up such a racket.]
“ーーーー”
With his tender eyes maintaining his gaze at her, Volcanica resumed its words.
What the dragon recited with a regard of viewing something distant, were the names of Flugel and Reid, along with Shaula, followed by one more personーー,
Though it could not be distinctly ascertained whom that was unless the family name was also asked, Emilia had remembrance of that echo. Farsale, if that was per Emilia’s remembrance.
Emilia: “Farsale, you mean, Farsale Lugnica? The king four hundred years ago?”
That was a personage whose name was brought up on countless instances in books she had studied for the Royal Election.
Farsale Lugnicaーー the thirty-fifth king of the Kingdom of Lugnica, and the great man who had ruled the country four hundred years ago during the era of the『Witch』.
And, having forged the covenant with none other than the『Divine Dragon』Volcanica, the『Last Lion King』who had etched the first step of longstanding prosperity of the Kingdom of Lugnica.
“ーーーー”
Emilia immediately turned her gaze towards the monolith behind.
The handprints of six peopleーー if Volcanica’s words were not unrelated, then could three of the people of the handprints be Flugel, Reid, and Farsale. The remaining three people were unknown, but one, though unconfirmed, seemingly matched Emilia’s handprint.
The remaining ones were of a man and woman each, likely.
Emilia: “Then, could the woman’s handprint be Shaula’s……?”
That seemed to be the likeliest as a possibility.
The identity of the final male handprint was unknown, but around this would be enough to make her calm down. As ever, the greatest issue at present was the fact that there present was a handprint of her own she was unfamiliar withーー,
Emilia: “Could it be, I…… have forgotten about something, aside from mother and everyone else from the forest?!”
Upon beginning to suspect, Emilia realised she had a past wherein she had lidded her memories by herself.
Even regardless of so, she was aware that due to the existence of the Sin Archbishop of『Gluttony』,『Memories』and『Names』were in a completely cluttered state.
Could it perhaps be that though Emilia had once casually come here and imprinted her handprint, she had now simply forgotten about it.
Emilia: “……No, whatever circumstance may it be, that can’t be the case. Though if Puck had been here, I could’ve somehow gotten to know if I had come here.”
Volcanica: [ーーWhat happened? Any worries?]
Emilia: “Ah, um, I’m alright. Thank you for worrying. Thank you, but……”
Ultimately, sensing the establishment of dialogue with Volcanica to be dodgy, Emilia was stumped.
It was far better than being hammered by its tail or forelimbs without conversation, but the situation of stalemate pertaining to the『Trial』remained the same.
Emilia pondered, just what should she doーー,
Volcanica: [If something is the matter then speak up. If it is thy distress then I shalt take it away ーーSatella.]
ーーReferred to as such, she inhaled.
“ーーーー”
Satella, this was not her first time being referred to as so.
Silver hair, amethyst eyes, and being a half-elfーー those were the traits Emilia possessed, and upon looking at her, copious humans living in this world would associate her with the existence identical to her.
What remained, was simply the difference of what it ought to be called.
Some called it Satella, some called it the worst calamity, some called it the『Witch of Envy』.
Thus, someone referring to Emilia as such was no enigma.
However, what was mysterious was that Volcanica had called Satella’s name with deep affection.
After all, the trio of Volcanica, Reid and Flugel, who had shoved his own achievements onto Shaula, were the original ones to have sealed Satella, referred to as the『Witch of Envy』.
Then why for her, would itーー,
Emilia: “Why, would you speak to the『Witch of Envy』, with kindness?”
A doubt of faint carelessness, to have referred to her as so.
To name it as stimulation for the present Emilia would be quite stringent, but at the very least, when she viewed the situation objectively, she realised this single phrase had become the origin.
Or perhaps, both Satella or the『Witch of Envy』could have been adequate.
Some called her Satella, some called her the worst calamity, some called her the『Witch』.
And, Emilia had referred to her as the『Witch of Envy』.
That wasーー,
Volcanica: [ーー『Witch of Envy』.]
ーーAlteration was yielded in Volcanica’s distant regard.
Volcanica’s amber eyes, the change born therein was dramatic.
Without moving, the dragon’s head staring at Emilia was immediately ahead of her eyes and nose. Henceforth, captured by the proximity of the extent of that alteration, Emilia felt chills run through her entire body.
She hunched, that the change was an unfavorable one.
Having been raised in forests, Emilia possessed the experience points named as having grown amongst the wild. She had seen countless animals and Witch Beasts completely change in situations such as this one.
Abiding by that intuition, Emilia jumped backward as though strummed.
That had been the correct answer.
Emilia: “ーー~hk.”
That instant, the air before Emilia’s eyes burst open.
Not an exaggeration, quite literally, the space constricted, then subsequently swole and burst open.
The phenomenon of unknown principle was queer as though space itself had rolled over, and had she been in its location she would’ve gotten twisted regardless of the strength of her defence.
And, it had occurred on the location of Emilia’s head.
Had Emilia been even a fraction of a moment late in lowering her head, she would have died.
The tail whip, and the twisting of space just now, after having climbed up to the top of the tower, Emilia had gotten countless near-death experiences.
She had perhaps never been in a situation wherein her life was endangered as much as this one.
Emilia: “But, since everything is being managed, that may mean I rea~lly can pull it off.”
If the element of fate being her ally was letting Emilia live, then even every single breath Emilia was taking was the boon of good fortune, she positively interpreted the situation so.
Should she not do so, she would start losing heart due to the subsequent changes in the situation.
Becauseーー,
Volcanica: [ーーSatella.]
Having spread his wings once again, Volcanica was directing definite animosity towards this side.
Observing that, Emilia responded to the desire to stamp her feet. Just after she had thought Volcanica had seemingly returned to sanity, now retrogression.
In fact, unlike his earlier seemingly half-asleep state, he appeared to have greater determination than when it had Alzheimer’s.
Emilia: “ーーIcicle Line.”
Thus, Emilia liberated her magical strength with determined conviction, without holding back.
The atmosphere icily fissured, and slowly gave rise to white haze. Though this was still the uppermost stratum of the watchtower located above the clouds, it glaciated the world in white.
Making sound, what were slowly generated were arms of ice. ーーMaking them pull out lances as they stood on the floor, slowly turning them around, Emilia faced forward.
Once again, she had prepared to battle against Volcanica.
However, if the strike which swept Emilia’s legs was a serious gambol on Volcanica’s behalf, then she did not know if she would be able to deal with this previous attack.
Strength in an entirely different league compared to when he had Alzheimer’sーー no, he seemed to have Alzheimer’s even now.
Staring into the opponent’s amber eyes straight ahead, Emilia could not label Volcanica’s attitude as simply having Alzheimer’s.
After all, Volcanica’s eyes were brimming with sadness, bitterness.
Volcanica: [Satella, yes, Satella. We must stop thee who hast been reduced to the『Witch of Envy』.]
Emilia: “……Were you close friends?”
Volcanica: [That day, I should not have hesitated. That day, had I not hesitated, everyone would haveーー]
No response to her question.
However, Volcanica’s trembling voice itself seemed as though the answer.
The lamenting dragon took a deep inhale, and once again came the dragon breath that scorched the world white.
Prior to that, Emilia stepped ahead, and she must strike that white scale. Should she not do so, Emilia, and naturally, everyone else as well would be beyond saving.
Emilia: “ーーSubaru, Beatrice, Ram, Rem, Meili, Patrasche-chan, Echidna, Julius, Anastasia-san.”
She thought of everyone who had come to this tower, and had suffered.
Everyone whom she must save, everyone who had their sights set on the same goal as her.
By doing so, an unknown strength welled up in the depths of Emilia’s chest.
Volcanica: [ーー『Witch of Envy』, Satella!!]
Emilia: “ーーNo, that’s wrong. I am the『Witch of Glaciation』of the great forest of Elior, Emilia.”
Whilst bathing her entire body in the welling strength, Emilia responded with a loud voice the the『Divine Dragon』who seemed to be misunderstanding her with someone she seemed to be similar to.
Let the opponent be the『Divine Dragon』or whatever. ーーEmilia had everyone by her side.
Thusーー,
Emilia: “Even if just my name, properly remember it, okay!”
  ーーThe final state of the game surrounding Pleiades Watchtower, a light erupted simultaneously above the clouds and in the heavens.


Chapter 89
ーーUnder the clouds, it happened approximately simultaneously as the outbreak of light above the clouds.
The heavy clouds, and above that, the two battlefields distanced from each other, should there be anyone who could observe the both of them at the same time, then that would be nobody but the external observer of the world.
The battles inching closer to the capture of the Pleiades Watchtower, were finally entering their finale.
That situation wasーー,
Subaru: “Woa~a~a~a~hーー ~hk!!”
The impacted ground of sand imploded, and amidst the clouds of dust and shock waves, Subaru shouted at the top of his lungs.
The destructive force assailing upon his entire body possessed excessive might that could splinter him into fragments. Yet, the reason why Subaru had not been reduced to piecesーー,
Beatrice: “ーーE•M•M!!”
One of the three original magic Subaru and Beatrice had derived.
To be given a broad explanation, it was an absolute defensive magic of the kind which stopped the flow of time of Subaru and Beatrice’s flesh bodies, thus taking no external effect.
Subaru: “We got so hyped when we first derived it, but because the guy who used a similar ability was just the worst, whenever it’s used it feels like using a last resort for survival I would never otherwise use!”
Beatrice: “That issue has already been spoken about, in fact! Betty has already decided to close her eyes, I suppose!”
Hearing Subaru’s cries, the riding Beatrice yelled so.
The ability of『Invincibility』of the Sin Archbishop of the『Witch of Greed』, Regulus Corneas, was potent might befitting of being labelled as being backward compatible with this E•M•M. Though its user was the worst, its practical usage was outstanding, the level which they should be aiming for, yet the territory they did not wish to reach.
Subaru: “It means having a guy who’s nauseating to even think of, as reference……!”
Living by eating experiences, was something he had often heard of.
Finding that by itself being reminiscent of the Sin Archbishops of『Gluttony』, thinking of them as a bunch who would pose as obstacles in all ways left and right, Subaru felt tired from the bottom of his heart.
But without that, it would not be possible to protect himself, or Beatrice and Meili in the first place.
Meili: ”――hah.”
Delirious, Meili breathed softly in Subaru’s arms.
Her face writhed in pain, but at the very least, she could breathe. Subaru could feel the pain flowing into him lessen bit by bit. It was a sign Beatrice’s magic was working as intended. And at this rate, things would certainly start to look better. Hopefully. Probably.
Beatrice: “It is extremely difficult to keep both E•M•M and my healing magic up, in fact! If it weren’t for Betty, all three of us would be dead by now, I suppose!”
Subaru: “Yeah I know! It’s just that……”
As he felt gratitude for Beatrice’s scolding, Subaru looked into himself.
He had no way left other than clenching his molars and holding back the pain. However, the main problem was in his mana―― In the first place, Subaru had no choice but to be Beatrice’s magic tank. Despite that, he had as much mana as the average person, probably less due to being a failure in magic.
Using E•M•M like this was akin to becoming a filled mana bucket with holes poked in it. At this rate, either E•M•M or Beatrice’s healing would stop.
And so,
Subaru: “There’s no way I can stop Meili’s healing…!”
Beatrice: “Then we have no choice but to kill E•M•M, in fact. You’re in charge of dealing with the timing and what happens after, I suppose!”
Subaru: “Aw yeah, leave it to me. And I hope you’ll continue to treat Meili, then do as I say just as I say it, like the good little spirit you are, Beako!”
Beatrice: “You! Are! Horrible! In fact!”
They bickered, then exchanged glances and released E•M•M simultaneously―― At the same time, they jumped out of their spot and retreated.
And right at their heels, hot in pursuit were the the Crimson Scorpion and the horde of Witch Beasts. Even as they fought each other, they had their eye on Subaru.
As per the norm, he was massively handicapped, unable to go far from the Tower, and especially in how his target was still that Crimson Scorpion.
Should this continue, worst case scenario was that――,
Subaru: “――The『Witch』will…”
The mere mention of『Return By Death』would trigger a release of miasma from him, forcing the Witch Beasts to focus on him.―― As a man with little to show, this was a method he relied on often.
He was already in a dangerous spot, but on the off-chance the Crimson Scorpion would remain fixated on him as it has been, he could use this card to force the Witch Beasts and the Scorpion to begin fighting each other more violently.
However, the risk of collateral was too high.
Should Beatrice, Meili and Subaru fall, at the very least, Ram will too soon after due to Subaru carrying most of her burden on his own body.
Through『Cor Leonis』, all involved had remained stuck on the same boat. It was puzzling how Regulus managed to lead such a lonely life despite being the owner of an authority like this.
Beatrice: ”――――”
Subaru: “――~hk! E•M•T!!”
On the limits of his worthless thoughts he sensed a future of the lustre’s blast and being evaporated away, thus Subaru parched his throat upon the premonition of『Death』and activated the second of his original magic.『E•M•T』eliminated『E•M•M’s』disadvantage of immobility, anti-magic which successfully negated all kinds of magic head-onーー in principle, as long as it was something fired whilst tinged with mana, there was nothing this magic could not erase.
Howeverーー,
Subaru: “I ended up using our trump card just five seconds after calling off E•M•M!”
Too pathetic to even be called pathetic, rather than that, he continued to lose all means of striking next, and had been wholly and seriously cornered.
Continuing to aim for Subaru and the rest, the tail stinger of the Crimson Scorpion, the flames of the Hungry Horse Kings, along with the variety of other Witch Beasts all attacked towards them, seeking to reduce them to cinders.
Inhaling, Subaru stiffened his body. He must use the third and final of his original magic or they shan’t be able to break through this situation. However, that one had not been perfected yet.
Should he fail, then there lied the possibility of the result being the three of them drifting in imaginary spaceーー,
Subaru: “I don’t trust myself enough, to gamble on some last moment awakeningーー!”
Even if he had admitted Natsuki Subaru to be a pretty great guy, he did not blindly believe he was some super guy capable of breaking through any situation whatsoever.
He simply was bad at giving up. Even if he was held down, he would simply stand up a greater number of times. In other words, that meant he was often held down as well.
Subaru: “This is no place, to show how much of a habitual loser I am. Though it’s an unfavorable gamble……”
???: “ーーYou claim to be able to manage through simple obstinacy and appearances? Though that too, is truly a decision befitting of yourself.”
It was the instant Subaru had determined he had no choice but to test it out.
An abrupt voice descended from overhead, and a shadow slipped into the space between the attacks and Subaru and the rest. It was far too dazzling, that Subaru subconsciously closed his eyes.
No metaphors, it truly was dazzling. ーーThe shadow, was gleaming in the hues of a rainbow.
???: “ーーAl Clauseria.”
The next instant, against the assailing strikes, a light that slashed down the lights was fired.
Shockwaves of destruction, scorching flames, a blitz with the life on the line. A black light declined them all, overflowing waters swallowed them all, the whipped up sandstorm averted the energy.
A deed of controlling nature in the truest sense, and the one to perform this deed was an elegant back who landed atop the sand, having swung a long, slender knight sword.
Julius: “ーーThere were certain circumstances, so I rushed my way here. It seems that was a precarious spot.”
Pronouncing so, turning towards Subaru was, of course, the『Greatest Knight』Julius Juukulius.
Even with his outfit tainted by blood and sand at multiple spots, he stood there calmly.
Clad in the radiance of rainbow, his standing form was more graceful than ever before.
His gallant arrival made Subaru’s voice quiver as he said “Julius……”,
Subaru: “You…… I had sent you a message asking you to go help in other dangerous spots once you’re done!”
Julius: “Yes, I did hear so. Hence, I came here. I’m sorry, but even when compared to all others, I judged this place to be the most dangerous.”
Subaru: “Shut up! What’s with that wound on your face! What about Reid!?”
Julius: “I was utterly defeated. He entirely took his leave with his victory.”
Subaru: “So damn la~me! You should’ve just won then! Would’ve died had you not come here, I’ll say it only once but thanks!”
Hearing gratitude mixed within harsh words, Julius laughed with a “Heh”, having formed a white scar below his left eye.
An irritating attitude, but it seemed he had finished his battle against Reid by himself and gained something for himself. Its proofーー,
Subaru: “Did you reconcile with your quasi-spirits.”
Julius: “To be precise, those girls bloomed from being buds and gained the sublimity of Spirits. Also, to say we reconcile wouldn’t be adequate either. Since there never was any discord between us.”
Encircling the smiling Julius’ surroundings were six quasi-spiritsーー no, Spirits whose illumination had been augmented.
Upon his『Name』being plundered by the Authority of『Gluttony』, the connection between them had also vanished, the Spirits followed him without lending any strength, their turmoil lasted for long.
However, with both sides’ trenches filled, they reared a bond greater than before.
Smartly rebinding the contract with the six Spirits, was an outrageously transparent play.
Subaru: “Meanwhile just hitting on Beako has got my hands full, you’re a damn indigestible bastard.”
Julius: “Regrettably, I have been digested before.”
Subaru: “That’s not funny! You’re acting a bit too clearheaded, you know!!”
Subaru’s eyes rounded, seeing Julius turn even having experienced the tragic ruin brought by the Authority into humour.
Now that he had used the phrasing of taking the leave with victory, then he must have settled things with Reid. Since Reid’s flesh body was supposed to belong to Roy Alphard, then it would be natural to think he had concluded matters with one fraction of『Gluttony』.
And, the fact that Julius did not allude to that potential hazard unmistakably meant that they had succeeded in incapacitating Alphard.
Beatrice: “Julius! You arrived at just the right time, I suppose! Lend Kua, in fact!”
Julius: “ーー, Understood.”
Julius instantly bowed at Beatrice’s call. He also judged in a moment what Meili’s condition, who was in Subaru’s arms, was.
From the six Spirits, he projected ahead the Spirit that governed water, the blue Kua, and its tender power poured healing mana into Meili’s body along with Beatrice’s magic.
On top of thatーー,
Julius: “So there is a need for me to buy time.”
Subaru: “Yeah, as you can see. Shaula’s going ham after turning red but, you think you can do it? Didn’t you just lose to the red dude?”
Julius: “To express the intent to make up for a loss due to that reason, would be a discourteous attitude towards a lady.”
Avowing to confront head-on, Julius braced his knight sword and confronted the Crimson Scorpionーー Shaula.
The compound eyes, though, showed no will before the knight’s form. Its intent to murder was still directed towards Subaru, anything in between were mere hindering obstacles.
That was its attitude toward the Spirit Knight, Julius, who had elevated himself to a level greater.
Julius: “Subaru, I shall handle Miss Shaula. Anything other than that……”
Subaru: “Handle it by myself you say, yeah, got it.”
Julius: “No, cooperate with Beatrice-sama and succeed.”
Subaru: “About 70% of everything I can do in these situations counts on Beako, you know.”
Quite frankly, even 70% was a very ostentatious number.
It would be around 80% or 90%, what Subaru could take pride in as Beatrice’s contractor was only a shrewd mind and a number of petty, foxy tricks, so even 95% wouldn’t be a strange number.
Regardlessーー,
Subaru: “You’re a lifesaver for coming back……”
Julius: “You too, seemed to have relooked at your own worth, which delights me more than anything.”
With a close exchange, Subaru and Julius focused on their respective duties.
In order to make sure none of the Witch Beasts’ attacks reached Subaru and the others, Julius advanced ahead and exposed his own self to the rain of blades and abated damage in his rear.
On the other hand, Subaru kept Meili away from the damage being done by the Witch Beasts and concentrated on buying time until the condition for their victory was fulfilled, while she remained on the verge of death.
Subaru: “ーー~hk.”
A sensation of astonishment, Subaru lifted his face as if strummed.
The reason was the Pleiades Watchtower, an anomaly that had occured therein. It wasーー,
Subaru: “ーーRam’s response, disappeared?”
  △▼△▼△▼△
  ーーThe breath Volcanica beamed, swooped down upon the uppermost stratum in the form of a blue light.
“ーーーー”
Emilia blocked it using the shield of ice created with all of her might, seeking to break through.
During the journey through the sand sea until Pleiades Watchtower, she had utilised the shield of ice for accepting the rain of coronas showered upon them from the tower, but it failed to last even a moment before the dragon breath.
The multiple overlapped ice shields instantly melted, and the attack, which Emilia was hoping would just be weakened however slightly and she’d be golden, rained upon her.
“ーーーー”
For but a moment, the black monolith at the back of Emilia’s mind dawned upon her.
It may be firm enough to remain unaffected by the dragon breath. However, on the other hand, she was concerned that the『Trial』may be ruined should it get broken.
On top of that, this was a thought unrelated to breaking through the『Trial』, but,
Emilia: “If it gets broken, that’d be rea~lly lonely……”
The handprints which had a queer sense of déjà vu, had been left behind on the monolith.
Just what connection did it have to herself, or she may simply be overthinking. However, she wished to ascertain the identity of that sensation.
That is why, it shan’t disappear. For the sake of it to not disappear.
“ーーーー”
She converged as much mana as miraculously possible and evolved it into Icicle Line.
Though Emilia possessed mana enough to surprise even her own self, she could not manipulate those vast amounts of mana all at once.
Regardless of how much mana there was within her, the quantity she could bring forth at once solely amounted to the capacity of her gate.
Yet Emilia boasted output more than ten times that of an ordinary magician, but the forte of having lived many years as a spirit arts user further expanded her potential.
Magicians communicated with their gate, utilised the mana stockpiled within themselves and meddled with the world.
Spirit arts users borrowed the strength of Spirits, utilised the mana in the atmosphere and meddled with the world.
And, possessing groundings in both of these, Emilia was capable of doing both.
Though the amount of water capable of coming out of a tap was fixed, should that water be stored in a bucket, even greater quantities of water could be used. Emilia executed this using her own flesh body and the world.
Halting the mana overflowing from her within in the outside world, and utilising maximal magic heedless of her gateーー,
Emilia: “ーーAbsolute Zero.”
That was what Subaru had named it, and had spoken of the empty theory that its materialisation may be arduous.
It was enough to end a real battle with a single blow, and that was around the same timing as Subaru had exclaimed it to be miraculously unbelievable, that point onwards Emilia had entered into a contest she had never once succeeded in.
And, she shall make it succeed.
If Emilia’s ordinary magical power was to be taken as the value of 1, then the potency of this magic which utilised the overflown power and materialised, would be close to 10 or even possibly 100.
A white vacuum instantly sweeped conquest over the world, accompanied with such strength that even the impossible to halt flow of time would be stopped, impossible of being described as meagrely as the atmosphere being frozen.
Even the breath of the dragon who was supposed to have been met by inevitable『Death』, was no exception.
The blue light clashing from the front and an absolute null, their collision yielded a vacuum in the world.
“ーーーー”
That moment, the two maximal potencies, with not the slightest delay, opposed and extinguished each other.
A truly astounding extinguishment accompanied with no sound or impact, and once the time that had supposedly been halted began to flow again, Emilia readied an ice lance and flew towards the front.
Emilia: “Hi, ya~a~a~aーー!!”
With her slender throat trembling, Emilia charged at Volcanica.
Wielding strength from the entirety of her frame, her body felt incredibly heavy. Though the used mana itself had been what she had exited out of her body, the burden put onto Emilia upon its utilisation was tremendous.
Turning over a bucket with water stored in it, naturally, called for adequate strength as well.
Since she had used power akin to turning over a fountain instead of a bucket, it would only be a matter of course should Emilia feel totally exhausted. However, she voiced.
Emilia: “I can’t, lose heart!!”
Shouting like that, Emilia poured life into herself.
Though stamina and mana were different things, yet by making herself hear those words with all of her might, she felt the rise of a strength that had previously been asleep. Though it may be a misapprehension, if the one being deceived was her own self, then sometimes lying wasn’t all bad.
Volcanica: [Satella~a~a~aーー!!]
With its breath defended against, Volcanica swung its forelimbs and tail whilst roaring.
The impact charged from the close exterior, and Emilia defended against it by relying on the sensation of the icicles deployed in her surroundingsーー as the generated seven ice warriors got shattered, they assisted Emilia’s body.
Evading the impact being swung down upon them by leaping sideways, the ice warriors halted the following up forelimbs with their bodies, and borrowing their shoulders, Emilia leapt greatly, as the tail whip swung upon the mid-air Emilia reached the height of the two ice warriors who were supporting her on their back, and devoured their bodies as sacrifice.
Emilia: “Shah! Hiyah! Yah!!”
Borrowing strength by way of their noble sacrifice, Emilia hammered in the ice lance whilst rotating her body. Though it was not sufficient enough to pare the『Divine Dragon’s』hull, but enough to catch its attention.
Evading the forelimbs swung in annoyance as some of her silver hair got sliced off, Emilia successfully charged into Volcanica’s bosom whilst risking her life. ーーFrom that position,
Emilia: “That, white scaleーー”
If only it could be touched, if only it could be successfully attacked, pondering so Emilia looked overhead.
The『Divine Dragon』once again close enough to touch, its white scale which was difficult to directly look at, with her immediate gaze set on it Emilia widened her eyes.
The reason being astonishment. It had not been a scale that had turned white. It was not.
Present there was a white scar large enough to be mistaken for a scale.
Emilia: “An old, wound……”
The wound had already been closed, and would surely not ache upon being touched.
However, the『Divine Dragon』disliked the wound simply being touched and had agonized that much. Comprehending that it was involved with Volcanica’s unerasable old memories, Emilia paused her breath.
Taking advantage of her hesitancy of that singular moment, Volcanica flapped its wings.
Emilia: “Ahーー ~hk!”
Volcanica’s ginormous frame ascended above at once, leaving Emilia behind as she stretched her hands.
Emilia greatly lamented her own failure.
This was the utmost unfavorable situation, of crossing lances with an existence possessing wings.
Should she be arbitrarily attacked from a location beyond her reach, the liabilities put on her would accumulate in the blink of an eye.
Emilia: “Noーー!!”
Emilia instantly put her hands on the floor, and from her feet arose ice.
Extending the foothold of ice she had improvised and produced toward the sky, Emilia pursued and desperately reached for Volcanica who was attempting to fly upward.
However, even that foothold of ice hit its limit by ten metres, twenty metres, and the distance beyond that point was outside of her reachーー,
Emilia: “ーーEveryone! Please!”
Ice warriors responded to Emilia’s call and further raised the foothold of ice.
The soldiers of ice climbed up to the tip of the foothold, which had met its end, then sprung from there at once, then jumping further by stepping on the back of the sprung soldiers, repeating this six times, Emilia stepped into the back of the final one soldierーー,
Emilia: “Sorry!”
The ice warriors she had powerfully stepped on fractured by their backs.
However, all of the falling seven ice warriors upped their thumbs and smiled, as they crashed. Accepting such encouragement of theirs, Emilia’s hand, having jumped the final time, reached for Volcanica’s tailーー,
Volcanica: [ーーFoolish.]
He drew back its tail along with that single word and Emilia’s fingers grazed the air.
And, the drawn tail energetically rebounded towards the dumbfounded Emilia.
Mid-air, nowhere for her to run. Even if she were to quickly produce a shield of ice, strength that could shatter it and reach her alone would be sufficiently lethally destructive for Emilia.
Emilia: “ーーAh.”
Failure, difficulty, what should she do, all kinds of thoughts entangled within Emilia’s mind.
Amidst the sensation of deceleration of the flow of time, she desperately searched for a breakthrough solution and mobilised every nook and cranny of her body and mind to see if she could do something. She merely did not possess the option named giving up.
Because none of the people Emilia dearly loved, not a single one of them, chose to give up.
That is whyーー,
Emilia: “I won’t, give up either!”
However, mere mighty words could save no one.
As though to teach her of that transiency, the tail whip of the『Divine Dragon』cognizant of a long length of time, drew near Emiliaーー,
???: “ーーEmilia-sama!!”
At that instant, stormy wind coming from directly below faintly assisted Emilia’s ascend.
  △▼△▼△▼△
  Her body uplifted by the upward wind, Emilia’s situation faintly changed.
From a situation where『Death』had a probability of 100%, to a situation where『Death』had a probability of 90%.
And that 10% probability of survival was perfectly utilised by Emilia, who was ignorant to giving up.
Emilia: “ーー~hk.”
The whipping tail of the『Divine Dragon』, aiming for Emilia’s head.
Gathered with ascend’s vigour, that tail whip’s aim slipped from Emilia’s head to her torso. Comprehending this from her instinct rather than close distance, Emilia folded in her knees with all of her strength.
Seeking to evade its striking range by making her body smallerーー Emilia’s tiptoes grazed past the swung tail whip, and the fearsome impact made Emilia’s body twirl at an incredible speed.
“ーーーー”
With her knees in her hold, Emilia’s body was blown overhead.
Whilst engulfed in impact such that it felt as if her internal organs would burst out from her head, Emilia gnashed her teeth, generated a foothold of ice in the sky and forcefully halted her body.
An explosive sound echoed, and Emilia, having accepted impact with her entire body, looked downward with tears in her eyes.
Emilia’s field of vision, for whom the ground and the heavens had been turned around due to using the ceiling of ice created in the skies as her foothold, visible was Volcanica’s head and the distant shadow of a person who had appeared from the staircase of the first layer.
To be precise, it was not a shadow of a person. It was the shadow of a person and a Ground Dragon.
Emilia: “Ram and……!”
It was Ram who had barged in and had reached out to Emilia, assisting her ascend.
Visible from afar, Ram had wounds and blood covering all of her body and Emilia was unable to hide her astonishment to see her come running to this place in that condition.
But, it was thanks to her assistance that Emilia managed to survive without getting her head hammered.
Borrowing her assistance, Emilia, now for once, poured strength into her knees.
In order to wage assault on Volcanica at once, using this ceiling of ice as foothold. Before Emilia, now, Volcanica had been acting strange.
With its tail remaining in the swung stance, without glancing towards Emilia, it was looking below.
It seemed as if it had set Ram, who had assisted Emilia, as its next prey. However, that was not the case. The ancient『Divine Dragon』, what its amber eyes were viewing was not Ram.
It wasーー,
Volcanica: [ーーPatrasche?]
Emilia: “Hiya~a~a~a~ーー ~hk!!”
With energy that erased Volcanica’s mumbling, Emilia’s body shot itself downwards.
Late by half a moment, Volcanica’s tail as it glanced upward shattered the ceiling of ice. Too late. Emilia’s form was already gone from there, and wasn’t even ahead of him, aiming for its throat.
Emilia’s fired form created a different foothold of iceーー no, a “sloape” of ice.
In Priestella, when she had been running away from Regulus together with Subaru, this was the article she had created in order to not decrease their speed, rather, accelerate itーー creating it mid-air, she glided with footwear of ice.
Emilia’s velocity accelerated mid-air, out of the pursuing tail whip’s reach.
The runway of ice produced mid-air accelerated Emilia’s fluttering silver hair, which were being followed by the tail merely an instant behind, andーー,
Emilia: “Heya~a~aーー ~hk!!”
Having leapt out from the runway, Emilia’s kick drew near Volcanica’s throat with incredible speed.
It evaded its forelimbs aiming to grasp Emilia, and like a thrown lance, straight ahead, it reached the white scar at Volcanica’s throat.
Volcanica: [ーーHaaahraaapreeeah!!]
With Emilia’s white shoe heels capturing its throat, Volcanica screeched once again.
Emilia shouted “Kya~a~a~!!” and plugged her ears upon the voice that seemingly fissured the skies, and fell at once due to the recoil of the kick.
Emilia: “Kya! ……Hah, thanks!”
The ice warriors who were supposed to have become a foothold for her and fallen, caught the plunging Emilia.
Saved by the light impact, Emilia stood up at that spot. And, confirmed that she had returned to the uppermost stratum and that Volcanica was agonising high in the skies.
Afterwards, she once again dashed towards the monolith of the central pillar.
Running, dashing, she sprinted towards the handprint of the monolith, which she felt was visibly familiarーー,
Emilia: “I knew it!!”
Reaching the monolith, she pressed her hand this time with no hindrances.
Though the monolith was shaken by her energy and impact, Emilia’s hand perfectly overlapped with the handprint in question. She did not know how many people there were in this world who possessed identical hands, but at the very least, this handprint of the monolith belonged to someone whose hand was identical to Emilia’s.
Andーー,
Volcanica: [ーーThou, who hath reached the top of the tower. Step forth through the first floor, almighty petitioner.]
Emilia: “Ah……”
The『Divine Dragon』descended whilst flapping its wings, towards Emilia who had placed her hand on the monolith.
With its enormous build levitating in the air, having rebound from sanity to its state of Alzheimer’s, it once again repeated its initial question.
However, that question felt unlike the initial ones, which had seemingly stemmed from everything being on the extremities of trance. ーーShe felt, that the questioning was surely going to commence.
Volcanica: [ーーI, am Volcanica. In accordance with the ancient covenant, I ask the will of thee who hath reached the summit.]
Words she had heard, time and time again.
Ask the will of the one who hath reached the summit. ーーIn other words, it was asking the emotions of the one who had reached the top.
What did one wish to do, what did one wish for, what did one come here for.
“ーーーー”
Emilia had plenty of answers for that question.
What she wished to do, what she wished for, what had she come here for, the answers were many.
However, right now in these very moment, Emilia’s urgent desire wasーー,
Volcanica: [ーーI ask. Thy will!]
The overlapping question, as it entered Emilia’s ears, she widened her eyes and opened her mouth.
And, loudly answered.
Emilia: “ーーFor everyone, to get along!!”
  △▼△▼△▼△
  That instant, a violent gust blew, swallowing the sand sea within.
Subaru shouted “Woah!?” as he evaded the Witch Beasts’ fierce attacks, and even Beatrice shouted “What, I suppose!?” whilst gruellingly healing Meili.
The same went for Julius, who was engaged in an inhuman battle unfolding against Shaula.
ーーNo, his astonishment may have been something greater.
For the dusty whirlwind concealed his field of vision, and though he had stepped back sensing danger, there had been no pursuit after him.
And, with the answer right before his eyes, Julius’ astonishment increased.
Julius: “ーーThis is. Subaru!!”
Subaru: “Hah!? What! I can’t see anything because of the goddamn sand……”
Julius: “Do not mind! This way!”
Hearing Julius’ earnest call, Subaru turned towards that direction whilst throwing up the sand inside his mouth.
And upon doing so, he understood the reason behind Julius’ desperation and widened his eyes.
That wasーー,
Subaru: “ーーShaula!?”
“Bishaaan.”
Subaru raised a startled voice, what entered into his field of vision was the figure of the Crimson Scorpion, bathing in the sandy whirlwind and toppled, its multitude of legs overturned on the sand.
The guardian of the watchtower who had shown a range of responses to attacks and had cornered them with mechanic movementsーー an error was yielded in its actions that had been in accordance with the star she called oneself as.
Subaru: “Did it do something!?”
Julius: “No, nothing special. It was focused on enduring the attack. And, the instant the gust of sand blew earlier……”
Subaru: “Gust of sand…… that’s right, that wind was……”
There was something off about calling the vehement wind that had swallowed Subaru and the others as a “gust of sand”.
The gusts of sand mercilessly swallowed those who entered the Augria Sand Dunes, but since they had broken through the barrier of problems, never even once had wind blown in the environs of the watchtower.
Not anything worth calling a gust of sand. That reason why that, had blown just nowーー,
Beatrice: “Subaru! Look, in fact! The sky.”
“ーーーー”
So shouted Beatrice at Subaru with her cute voice. Subaru looked up when he heard her.
The alteration that had occurred in Pleiades Watchtower, a sudden change easy to grasp.
Subaru: “ーーThe clouds, have cleared up.”
The Pleiades Watchtower, stretching to the heavens piercing through the clouds.
Its uppermost stratum had been literally invisible from below due to being covered by clouds. The queer clouds that had concealed the watchtower, now proceeded to disappear.
He then finally noticed– the gale from earlier had been the aftermath of dispersing those clouds.
The clouds subsided, and the summit of the tower was visible from below.
What that could mean, according to Subaru’s hopeful observations, was solely one.
Subaru: “ーーDid you do it, Emilia.”
Within the whispering Subaru’s perception, the comrades inside the tower who were being sensed by『Cor Leonis』namely Emilia, followed by Ram and Patrasche, whose sensations had disappeared earlier, now returned.
Ram and Patrasche had likely headed to back Emilia and produced the fruits of their labour.
In other words, if Subaru’s thoughts were correctーー,
Subaru: “The tower’s rules were rewritten…… Shaula! Hey, Shaula! Listen to me!”
“Bishaan!”
Subaru: “You don’t have to fight us, not anymore! You can now, freely……”
The reason behind the suffering of the toppled, agonizing Crimson Scorpion was perhaps due to the severing of the covenant of antiquity etched within oneself. He was unaware of any specific details.
But, it was fine now. She no longer needed to sufferーー,
Subaru: “Hey, Shauーー”
Julius: “ーー~hk! Subaru!!”
Trying to call out to her, Subaru’s nape was grasped as he approached. That moment, the sharp tail stabbed through the empty space.
The gale brushed past him, the scent of burning air entered his nose and Subaru was rendered speechless.
Had Julius not stopped him just now, he would’ve been struck by the direct hit.
However, what was tormenting Subaru was not the sensation of『Death』ーー,
Subaru: “Hey, Shaula! Shaula! Why’s this happening, get a hold of yourself!!”
Shaula: “Bishaaan.”
Whilst listening to Subaru’s frantic implore, the Crimson Scorpion slowly reformed its stance atop the sand.
The Crimson Scorpion rectified its posture after being toppled, its compound eyes flickering, however, it slowly perceived Subaru once again as drool spilled down from its fiendish fangs.
That, did not seem to be the behaviour of a being with reasonーー,
Julius: “ーーSubaru, it is regrettable, but.”
Pronouncing so, Julius grasped Subaru’s shoulder and sought to step ahead.
However, discerning his thoughts, Subaru gripped his arm and restrained him.
He could tell that Julius was kindly going to take up the role of the villain.
But, he could not allow him to.
Subaru: “To save her, that’s what I resolved. ーーI am, going to save her out of this.”
Julius: “You mean to say that is your duty as her unaware Master-sama?”
Subaru: “No.”
Shaking his head horizontally, that was how Subaru responded to Julius’ words.
That was wrong. Subaru wanted to save Shaula not because he was her Master-sama,
Subaru: “It’s not because, I am her Master-sama. I was moved by her kindness, that’s why.”
“ーーーー”
Subaru: “It’s the same as Beako. How can you leave someone who was always all alone in this stupid sand tower, and cried because of how fun the days she had spent with us were for her.”
Gnashing his molars, Subaru declared so with Julius’ arm still in his grip.
Gazing back at Subaru, Julius took a breath.
Julius: “……Such obstinacy. But, that is what should be done.”
Subaru: “ーーJulius?”
Julius: “No, I was allured once again. I had put up appearances once. Then, they must be put up until the very end, you see.”
Faintly smiling, Julius answered so whilst touching the wound on his left cheek with a finger.
Subaru narrowed his eyes at his answer, and noticed a soft sensation grasping his free left hand. The one behind that action was Beatrice.
She was peering at Subaru with her round, utmost lovable eyes in this whole world,
Beatrice: “Meili’s, no longer in critical condition. What remains is toーー”
Subaru: “Will you help, getting her out?”
Beatrice: “How brutish would Betty be should she refuse now, in fact…… Geez, Subaru is a truly hopeless partner, I suppose.”
Beatrice’s reply made Subaru give a bitter smile as he scratched his head.
Subsequently, firmly grasping the hand of his precious contract Spirit, he faced the Crimson Scorpionーー Shaula, once again.
The two Spirit Knights, standing side by side, faced the young maiden who must be saved.
Andーー,
Subaru: “At this point, both my mind and body are totally drained. ーーSo, hurry up and get saved, Shaula!”
  ーーPleiades Watchtower capture, curtains opened to its final prolongation.


Chapter 90
Ragged, ragged, scattering away.
Crumbling, crumbling, flaking away.
Tired, tired, fading away.
Ragged, crumbling, and tired, everything in the distance was shimmering.
△▼△▼△▼△
—Outside the tower, the Witchbeast Master broke through the stampede of countless witchbeasts by fighting with all her strength.
—On the second floor, Reid Astrea, who had seized the body of Roy Alphard, was defeated.
—On the fourth floor, the blasphemer of fate, the vile Sin Archbishop of Gluttony, was defeated.
—On the first floor, Emilia broke through the unknown Trial by fighting bravely and heroically.
A variety of obstacles they had faced while trying to capture the Pleiades Watchtower had been cleared. This was the result of them trusting in each other, staying unified, and cooperating.
To put it in an Emilia-like way, this was the result of “everyone getting along.”
Thanks to this, they had finally managed to make it to this point.
Therefore, the next step was—
“—It won’t mean a thing if we don’t win this together!”
When they first arrived to the Pleiades Watchtower, this was what Emilia had said.
They had come here not to lose anything more, but to recover what had already been lost.
Everyone had agreed with what she’d said back then, and that everyone returning from the sea of sand safe and sound was of absolute necessity. It would not be an issue even if more people returned than came.
In addition to Subaru, Emilia, Beatrice, Ram, Rem, Meili, Anastasia = Echidna, and Patrasche, one extra Shaula wouldn’t be a problem at all. It wouldn’t even matter how loud and boisterous things would be on the way back because of her.
“—Go!”
Of the two Spirit Knights standing side-by-side, the one who had made the first move was, of course, Julius.
—Julius brought back Kua, who was in the process of healing someone, temporarily halting their treatment, and once again clad himself in an aurora of light with the help of his six spirits.
Due to the effect of Cor Leonis, Subaru understood that in order for the light of his Od to expand so much, both Julius and his spirits would have to be under a considerable load.
It was a rather cool technique to pull off. However, no one here wanted to fight an extended battle in the first place.
“—A short, decisive battle.”
Julius flew over the sand, leaving a trail of rainbow-colored light in his wake.
Closing the distance in a single instant, Julius brought his sword closer to the Crimson Scorpion. Seeing his movements with its compound eyes, it swung its pincers and stinger with the fierceness of a storm. However, the moment his sword made contact with its shell, white smoke began to rise.
It had caused it to melt.
It wasn’t even able to protect itself after receiving that blow, for Julius’ strike had turned into a rainbow, his magic sword wrapping itself in a sixfold light due to the constant use of Al Clarista.
Moreover, the light of the rainbow enveloping his entire body wasn’t just for show, either.
“───”
The ray of light, fired from the stinger at close range, had killed Subaru more than a dozen times, and had also been used as the weapon of Death that led to the deaths of Emilia and Julius—it was also known as Hell’s Snipe.
Julius did not deflect it with his sword, but rather by using the defensive capabilities of the aurora of light. The aurora of light, which enveloped his entire body, applied the concept of Al Clauselia, which created a rainbow barrier.
And so, a high-level swordsman who could unify both offense and defense was born, and could thus be called the Rainbow Spirit Knight.
“~~ッッ!!”
Its defenses were being broken through, it could not land a single lethal blow, and so, as a result, the Crimson Scorpion was having an awful time.
However, the witchbeast that had been the guardian of the watchtower for the past 400 years had a sense of dignity. Its crimson shell growing brighter and brighter, a great amount of heat was released from its powerful pincers and slammed into Julius, blowing the Rainbow Knight quite a ways away.
Its pincers were extremely hot, distorting the atmosphere around itself due to the intensity of the heat. If Subaru were to give a name to the blazing-hot pincers, he would call them the “Jesus Scissors Hellfire Form.”
It was quite admirable for it to show off its new techniques in order to try to liven up the last battle, but the reality was that he did not want it to show any growth. An enemy breaking out of their shell was extremely undesirable at the moment.
“MINYA!!”
It swung its crimson pincers through the air but was deflected by purple stakes from the side, preventing them from making contact with Julius.
By himself, Subaru was not enough to do anything in the high-level battle between Julius and the Crimson Scorpion. As a result, Beatrice covered for Julius to the side whilst Subaru waited for an opportunity to do something.
“───”
Subaru made sure to keep himself out of harm’s way so he wouldn’t be killed by the aftermath of the battle. He then pointed his gaze at the sea of sand that had been devastated by the whirlwind that drove the swarm of witchbeasts from there.
In terms of the damage inflicted and their sheer vigilance, the witchbeasts that inhabited the Augria Sand Dunes had a major impact on Subaru and the others during their journey.
However, what was truly unusual was that they were now staying away from the watchtower and looking at it from a distance.
Emilia had probably rewritten the rules of the tower on the first floor, causing the clouds to disperse.
Perhaps that had served as a measure to keep witchbeasts away from the tower? Witchbeasts did not seem to even approach the watchtower originally, so the fact that a stampede of witchbeasts approached it was rather unnatural.
Whatever the case may be, the fact the witchbeasts didn’t start popping up all over the place was a huge relief to Subaru and the others, who were attempting to get the Crimson Scorpion’s—Shaula’s sanity back.
“—SUBARU!!”
“Ah.”
So that he could find an ideal position, Subaru cut across the sea of sand diagonally, but while doing so, he heard someone’s shout.
Right as Subaru looked up to confirm what was going on, the Crimson Scorpion, which had been dodging the many sword thrusts of Julius, somehow landed right next to him.
Subaru stopped in his tracks after hearing Beatrice’s call, who was right next to him holding his hand. However, as if flicking away an insect, the witchbeast’s tail whipped towards them, and Subaru had a premonition of Death in the face of it.
“Persevere—!”
“—Murak!”
Subaru and Beatrice made their judgments simultaneously. The effect of gravity lessened, causing them to become as light as cotton candy. And Subaru’s whip simultaneously wrapped around the base of the Crimson Scorpion’s tail.
In the next second, Subaru and Beatrice were flung through the air due to the swinging of the tail.
“Wha-”
“Pyyah!?”
They hadn’t been flung into the air, but shaken off. After feeling as if they were floating through the air, they had immediately fallen to the ground and were now covered in sand.
If there had been a hard surface beneath them, even though they were as light as cotton candy right now, their bodies would have shattered due to the sheer power and force. Luckily, they had only had their breath knocked out of them since it was on the sand.
“We gotta give up on chasing after it—!”
“—ッ.”
The Crimson Scorpion continued to target Subaru and Beatrice, who were still buried in the sand. However, the light of the rainbow cut in between them, preventing it from making a move, and the heat and sixfold light clashed with each other.
Every time the light was scattered, a sea of destruction was left in its wake, and the shockwave it caused kicked up a sandstorm under the clear sky. The destructive power of each was equal; Julius had speed on his side, but the Crimson Scorpion was rather resilient.
“—*Spit* *Spit*! Shit, something needs to be done!”
“—*Spit* *Spit*! Figure out a way to win then, I suppose!”
—Together, Subaru and Beatrice got themselves out of the sand and spat the grains of sand in their mouths out at the same time. With tears in their eyes, they tried to figure out how to get the sound of Subaru’s voice as well as Julius’ rainbow light to reach Shaula.
There were three possibilities they could rely on—
The first was for Julius to suddenly awaken to an even greater power and defeat the Crimson Scorpion in a single blow. This one was a bit unpleasant but would be a win nonetheless.
The second was for Subaru and Beatrice to successfully complete their new spell and finish off the Crimson Scorpion, obtaining a win with their teamwork.
The third was for Emilia to suddenly drop down from the sky with love and peace in tow, bringing about world peace with her cuteness.
“I was really hoping for the third one to happen first, but…”
As has already been stated before, Subaru didn’t believe that he was capable of successfully awakening, and it was unrealistic to expect Emilia to show up with the perfect timing.
That being the case, the best they could hope for was Julius suddenly becoming stronger.
“He’s already done that once, so I can’t expect too much from him…”
Julius and the Crimson Scorpion continued to fight at a speed that Subaru’s eyes could not follow. Pondering what to do next, Subaru stared at the devastation occurring right in front of him, the aftermath of which was capable of turning him to ash if he got too close.
The only thing he could do in the end was to fight with all his cards. If that was the case, then the least he could do as the complete Subaru Natsuki was to exhaust every card in his arsenal.
“Think-think-think….”
His brain going at full throttle, going over that which was not simply a hopeless dream or observation, he found something with substance. As he was searching through his hand for something to use, Subaru realized something.
He still had one last card he had yet to use.
“—Beako!”
“Did you think of something, I suppose!”
Beatrice responded to Subaru’s call with eagerness, as if she had been waiting for it. Blessed to have such an understanding partner, Subaru clasped her hand with his once again and nodded vigorously with a “Yeah!.”
“—Here, I’m gonna use all of the strength this journey gave me!”
△▼△▼△▼△
Ragged, ragged, scattering away.
Crumbling, crumbling, flaking away.
Tired, tired, fading away.
Ragged, crumbling, and tired, everything in the distance was shimmering.
The fierce light of a rainbow flashed in front of her eyes, and, following her instincts, she swung her arms to get rid of it.
Her two bright crimson pincers glowed, containing enough power to burn anything in existence regardless of whether or not the object was rock or steel, and could cut through them as easily as cutting through butter.
“Buuuuuut, I’m not really sure what “butter” even is, either.”
Talking about things based off of secondhand knowledge, she continued to chase after that shimmering target. However, this place was a vast sea of sand without any obstacles, so there was no way for her to corner them. But whether this was a place where there was nowhere to run or where she had to fight from a distance, she had complete mastery in such things—
“After all, snipers are always alone, right?”
This was also something she had heard before. A sniper was a sharpshooter who needed to wait patiently before completely finishing off their prey. And so she also chose to wait. With the pride of a sniper in her heart, she continued to wait.
Day after day, night after night, she gazed into the horizon, forever waiting, looking at those who attempted to come to the tower.
There were rules there; rules that bound her to the tower.
She was upset about that, but she also thought that if there were no rules at all, her forgetful self would have forgotten various things in no time.
Whether it was the places they went together, the words they spoke to each other, the time they spent together, or the feelings and thoughts they shared, they would all be forgotten.
“Aaaaaah… That would be sooo terrible.”
Everything had moved on and left her behind.
Because she had been asked to wait, she could wait for as long as they desired, but since she was waiting, she couldn’t help but hope that the person she was waiting for would come back. As long as they came back, she could wait forever.
Therefore—
“I was soooooooooo happy that Master came back.”
Because, one by one, everyone disappeared. When he came back, she wasn’t sure if she could believe the words he said.
Did she wait because she believed in him, or did she continue to wait simply out of habit? She wasn’t even able to answer this question. She had never even thought about it before.
There was no reason to think about it, either, for before it had disappeared, they made true on their promise.
“Aaaah, I’m sooooo happyyy, Master.”
So, she hoped he would never leave. She thought it would be great if he could stay here forever. Because she was no longer alone and could graduate from being a sniper, she thought she should receive an appropriate reward for graduating.
“Master, I don’t want to be left behind agaaain… Aaaah, I also…want to be loveeeed.”
Everything had moved on and left her far behind.
Therefore, this time, she wanted to follow him, no matter where or when.
So—
“I hope you…can come to love me. —Master.”
△▼△▼△▼△
The Crimson Scorpion twitched, the glow of its crimson shell growing ever brighter.
It was possible that it was an increased reaction of its Warning Color, but in the eyes of Subaru, that didn’t seem to be the case. It was as if that crimson hue came about due to Shaula crying.
It was the expression of the true thoughts of the being named Shaula, who had locked her feelings away for the past 400 years and kept her promise to stay in the tower.
Red was the color of fervor, of passion, of unrestrainable Love. The crimson hue of the Crimson Scorpion must’ve been brought about by its strong desire to love and be loved by the person it loved.
“—AFTER ALL, EVERYONE SAYS THAT SCORPIO WOMEN ARE EXTREMELY LOVING!!”
Kicking up a lot of sand with his own two feet, Subaru shouted that out with a burst of enthusiasm and brought his hand up to fling his whip with his broad shoulders.
“───”
He aimed at the one whose back to turned to him and was fighting and fooling around with Julius, the Crimson Scorpion. He used his whip to announce his presence, seeing that she was so busy, but the Master she longed for was standing right there. Since she was making advances on another man, he had no choice but to say some nasty things to her—
“SEEING YOU GO AFTER ANOTHER MAN LIKE THIS REALLY MAKES ME SAD AND WOUNDS MY MANLY HEART, YOU KNOW—!!”
“Subaru’s way of speaking is disgusting as usual, in fact!”
Subaru unleashed his whip and landed a perfect hit, having been pushed onwards by Beatrice’s harsh words from behind his head—it had been beautifully wrapped around the base of the Crimson Scorpion’s tail.
However, just this alone would still lead to what had happened not too long ago where they had been buried into the sand.
The Crimson Scorpion, perhaps because it did not think much of their game of tug-of-war, instead focused on the fight with Julius, completely ignoring Subaru and co. altogether.
Subaru and everyone else was weak. —It would take advantage of that idea.
“EL VITA—!!”
“GAAAAAH!!”
Beatrice chanted the magic spell, causing the effects of it to pour over Subaru’s whole body, his legs sinking into the sand due to the sheer weight.
In contrast to Murak which mitigated the effects of gravity, Vita increased the effects of gravity—Subaru’s weight class had been raised to the Yokozuna level of the Makuuchi division of sumo wrestling, allowing him to compete with the tail of the Crimson Scorpion.
Naturally, that alone would not be enough. It could enhance the effects of gravity, but only up to 220 or so pounds (100 kilograms.) That was nowhere near enough to compete with the monstrous strength of Shaula, who could easily pick up and carry a dragon carriage.
Therefore—
“—Time for the climax! DO IT!!”
With both hands pulling hard on the whip and his feet firmly planted in the sand, Subaru let out a loud cry. In the next instant, Subaru’s body, which was being pulled up by the brute strength of the Crimson Scorpion’s tail, returned to the ground.
The obvious reason as to why was because the strength of the Crimson Scorpion and Subaru—no, Subaru and the others—was evenly matched.
“—ッッ.”
Now in front of Subartu, still standing firmly in place, was the Hungry Horse King, who had broken into their game of tug-of-war with its huge, strange-looking body. Moreover, it wasn’t just the Hungry Horse King that had joined this unprecedented game of tug-of-war.
Courtesan bears, winged moles, and suspicious serpents all joined the battle. All of these witchbeasts, who were supposed to be Subaru’s enemies, were giving him a helping hand in this battle.
The cause of this scene was none other than—
“…Really, you’re such a slave driverrr!”
It was the voice of a girl enveloped in a weary and unhappy atmosphere. The owner of that voice was a young girl whose cheeks were devoid of blood and having trouble breathing—Meili.
Tightening her lovely face, she let out a long, hard sigh. Then, yelling out a “Hoorah!” and clapping loudly—
“Okay! Come here, everyone. Watching from the side is a waaasteee.”
With a single clap, and, after a single beat, the sea of sand began to rumble. Continuously pouring into this area were witchbeasts, whose footsteps and roars could be heard. This environment was well-suited for witchbeasts, and the one who had taken control of it was the Witchbeast Master—no, she could no longer be called that.
The massive phenomenon occurring wasn’t caused by a mere Witchbeast Master. Using the Divine Protection of Magic Manipulation, she guided and took control of the witchbeasts of the Augria Sand Dunes, so the title of Witchbeast Master no longer suited her.
It was as if the Mother of Witchbeasts, who had left a trail of destruction in the southern empire, had returned. She once again made use of her skills to cause a stampede for this battle, turning it into an all-out war.
“───”
Though Meili wore a painful expression on her face, she still managed to stay conscious and had recovered enough to participate in the final battle. Naturally, there was a little trick behind it.
Subaru had, naturally, used Cor Leonis to distribute the damage Meili had taken to another. —Sharing it had been the last card in his hand.
Not with Emilia, not with Beatrice, and not with Ram, either. Nor was it shared with Julius, Echidna, Patrasche, Meili, or the sleeping Rem. It was the one who had come with them to conquer the Augria Sand Dunes, their last ally—
“—Sorry to get you involved, Gyan! Give me a hand!!”
The earth dragon Gyan, who had been left on the sixth floor of the distant watchtower, was also within the range of Cor Leonis’ influence, so, as a result, Subaru made the decision to share that burden with the earth dragon.
The decision to do so was heartbreaking for Subaru, but what was even more heartbreaking for him was that Gyan met the conditions of Cor Leonis for those who wished to share his burdens.
This meant that, just like Beatrice and his other friends, Gyan wanted to support Subaru’s actions. He was grateful for the spirit of the theatrical version of Gyan, transferring most of Meili’s burdens to the earth dragon through himself. This was the trick that allowed Meili to get back in the game.
It was also the main reason why the Crimson Scorpion lost in the competition of strength. And also—
“—This will be the cause of your defeat, Shaula.”
Subaru had taken command of the battle, and even used the power of witchbeasts and an earth dragon, and, as he spoke, the Crimson Scorpion lifted its legs up.
The Finest of Knights did not let this opportunity go to waste. Unleashing a rainbow slash, Julius cut the tail of the Crimson Scorpion, who had been struggling against them in a battle of strength, clean off.
The severed tail let off an explosion, much like it had earlier, spreading a mass of destruction throughout the area, but it was unable to get through the rainbow light. Its trump card having been blocked, it violently swung his large pincers down at Julius’ back.
However, its attack appeared to have been born from a feeling of agitation and impatience due to losing the battle of strength and having its tail cut off. As a result, it was not able to overpower the knight who had defeated the first Sword Saint and overcame his limits.
“—Hiss…!”
The slash drew an arc through the air, beautifully slicing through the vulnerable joint on the left pincer. Still trying to regain its balance after its left pincer got sliced off, it attempted to chop Julius in half with its remaining right pincer.
Right as the pincer closed, threatening to bisect his slender body from the waist—
“—Al Cranvel.”
A moment before the pincer snapped shut, an aurora of light enveloped Julius’ entire body in a single breath. As soon as he deactivated his rainbow armor, that aurora of light let off an explosion inside the pincer that was about to close, blowing it to shreds.
“—ッッ.”
Pushed by the shockwave of the explosion, the massive body of the Crimson Scorpion flew into the air. The witchbeast flew through the air, spinning, before finally falling into the sand, its tail and arms lost and covered in injuries.
The other witchbeasts quickly swarmed around it and pinned down the eight-legged Crimson Scorpion. Still resisting its fate, it turned its large head, barring its sharp teeth.
Taking the Crimson Scorpion’s resilience into account, it would not be surprising for it to suddenly come up with a new move at this very moment, spurred on to achieve new growth due to its current predicament, however—
“—This is the end, Shaula.”
Subaru stood right in front of the writhing, struggling, Crimson Scorpion so that its compound eyes could see him fully. With no weapons left and its legs pinned down, it was in a rather sad state. It would be easy to strike the final blow now, but that was not what he wanted.
Subaru was not sure what the correct answer was despite being driven to this point—
“Meili.”
“…If I had not been here, I wonder what you and everyone else would’ve doneeeee, Big Brother.”
Having been called by name, Meili sighed and walked over to the Crimson Scorpion. She stood next to Subaru and snapped her fingers with a sigh. She then had its compound eyes focus on herself.
“Who are you? The crimson, scary Miss Scorpion? Or are you…”
“───”
“Or are you someone else, I wonder?”
Having been asked such a question, the compound eyes of the Crimson Scorpion gradually slowed down. Gazing at Meili, its compound eyes showed signs of wavering before turning its gaze to Subaru. Those aggressive, compound red eyes slowly changed color.
“Shaula.”
The crimson hue of its shell slowly began to fade away. Its eyes turned green once more, its shell went back to being black, and it slowly began to calm down, and finally—
“—Shaula!”
At last—
△▼△▼△▼△
Ragged, ragged, scattering away.
Crumbling, crumbling, flaking away.
Tired, tired, fading away.
Ragged, crumbling, and tired, everything in the distance was shimmering.
Ragged, crumbling, and tired, everything shimmered in the distance.
Even though she was left behind, even though her memories faded somewhat, they still shined so brightly.
Because they were so precious to her, she desperately tried to preserve them.
“───”
“Master, do you still remember? You told meee, ‘I’ll definitely return, so wait here for me’, and then you disappearedddd.”
In a seated position, Shaula hugged her knees, inclined her head, and asked like so.
Subaru shook his head at her, who seemed to be thinking about nostalgic memories of her past.
“I don’t remember. And I’ve already told you I don’t know, right? Don’t keep making me repeat myself!”
“Weeeeelllll, it can’t be helped then. After allllll, Master is so much better at forgetting things than me. Master and I realllllly are similar.”
“That creeps me out! No, I admit that we have a similar way of speaking, though.”
That said, it was only the fact that she was using words from Subaru’s world that he unconsciously felt a sense of closeness with her. He was not as charming, cute, or spirited as she was. He wasn’t willing to wait 400 years for someone who had abandoned him.
“After all, I’m an impatient guy who wants immediate results. Well, if I could at least be with the other person, I might be able to endure it…”
“Aaaaaaaaah, Master, you’re no good like this! Ready? There’s a saying for this: ‘The key to love is patience!’”
“Aren’t you confusing this with ‘The key to fashion is patience’!? Isn’t that like the slogan of a tribute woman rather than a devoted woman!?”
“It’s all about realizing the love swirling around in the depths of my heart. You can even laugh at this sad, pathetic woman. That kind of smiling face is also verrrrrry attractiveee…mmm.”
“Nope, I’m not laughing at all. Look, I’m starting to tear up.”
“Let me see, let me seeeeee.”
When Subaru pointed at his face and said that, Shaula got up and walked over to him. Shaula, who had jumped up enthusiastically, came close enough to where he could feel her breath, so he once again examined her face that had fine features from up close.
Her shining eyes were large and long, and she had a finely-shaped nose between them. She had long, slender eyelashes, and her skin was so soft and firm that it was hard to imagine that she had been living in the sea of sand for so long. Although hidden by her spirited and varied expressions, her body as a whole was rather beautiful instead of cute.
Given the name of a star, she had been destined to wait in this place for the return of the one she loved.
“Huh? Master, are your eyes glistening, or are you crying a little?”
“…Your Master…is a piece of shit. I’m gonna punch him in the face if I ever get the chance.”
“Then I’ll have to witness it with superrrr-superrrr mixed feelings! What sort of horrible situation would it be if Master KO’d Master!… Jeez.”
Lips quivering, Subaru squeezed his eyes shut. His hot emotions rose, pushing past his eyelids and falling down his cheeks. Seeing those tears fall, Shaula gently whispered “Jeez.”—
“───”
While Subaru’s eyes were closed, his cheek was suddenly attacked by a wet sensation. When he opened his eyes, he saw Shaula’s face pulling away from his. Her fingertips on her lips, she mischievously smiled with her red tongue slightly sticking out.
“…Master’s body fluids…are salty and sweet.”
“Saying it like this…”
“The way I say it…doesn’t change anything at all. Ah, I always express my feelings with my whole body and soul, you know. —Master, I love youuu.”
I love you. She had often told him that. Once he understood the context, it was impossible for Subaru to say that it was a meaningless statement. Shaula said “I love you” as often as she could because her heart was overflowing with love.
Always, always, the words she wanted to convey overflowed from within. For 400 years, she had been waiting, wanting to love him, wanting to be loved by him.
“I love youuu, Master.”
“…I…won’t tell you I love you.”
“I know, I knowww. Because Master is a bad guy, is thin-skinned, and shy, but this is what I like about you. I’m crazy about you. Only you.”
“───”
Time had left her, and the role she had been assigned had bound her like chains. When she had almost hurt to one she loved, she cried and begged for Death. Instead of hurting him with her own hands, she would rather lose it all.
What did he say to her, who was in tears? He said he would never allow her to continue to cry like that.
“I…will not say that to you…I love you…words like that.”
“…It’s okay. I’ll keep saying the words Master won’t say. Master will definitely want to say them to me sometime in the future.”
“Sometime in the future, you say… That’s a looooong time. 400 years of waiting…can you really do that?”
“Is it? 400 years went by soooo quicklyyy.”
Waiting for so long, she had once cried out in anguish at that fact. Having been left behind by the passage of time, her love holding her hostage, she cried out that she was lonely.
Now she had no idea that a world had once existed where she had spilled her heart out. Therefore, concealed behind her spirited attitude, how much emotion had been swirling around in her own heart?
Subaru had swore to never make her cry. And he wasn’t going to break that vow even now. That’s why—he hoped she could cry out. He wished she would cry. But now that wasn’t going to be enough.
As long as she cried, bawled her eyes out, cried out, and howled, Subaru Natsuki, who wasn’t her Master or anything like that, would run with all his heart and soul to her side to stop her tears.
And yet—
“A mere 400 years…is almost like the day after tomorowww.”
The Crimson Scorpion was nowhere to be seen, and in its place was a beautiful girl, smiling.
She was so beautiful that he could not help but become speechless. So ephemeral that it seemed as if she would collapse at the touch of his hand. Shaula’s soft cheeks flushed red as she said “because” with the look of a maiden in love.
Continuing, the maiden in love said “because—”
“—I also loved waiting for you.”
“───”
“Hey, Master. That’s why…one day…again—”
△▼△▼△▼△
Ragged, ragged, scattering away.
Crumbling, crumbling, flaking away.
Tired, tired, fading away.
Ragged, crumbling, and tired, everything in the distance was shimmering.
Ragged, crumbling, and tired, everything shimmered in the distance.
“—Shaula.”
A part of her shell fell off, crumbling and flaking away, and turned into dust. It didn’t stop there, but spread elsewhere, her whole body peeling off and turning into dust.
The tail and pincers that had been cut off, the eight legs being held down by the witchbeasts, and the head that Subaru Natsuki held in his arms, everything—
“…Did she…fulfill her purpose, I wonder?”
While Subaru attempted to bring all of the pieces of her existence that had been diminishing together in his arms, Beatrice uttered that to him in a hushed voice.
The adorable spirit was listlessly gazing at the witchbeast powerlessly crumbling away—no, it was someone just like her who had given their life to the role that fate provided them.
His brain refused to comprehend what Beatrice had just said. But he instinctively understood. —This was not Death.
This was, after being entrusted as the Stars-Keeper of the Pleiades Watchtower, the inevitable end that she had met today.
“Then…we…”
If they had not come here, she might have been able to exist here for eternity. Forever, in this sand tower, waiting for a person who would never return—
“—Subaru, you should be of the understanding that this assumption…is insulting to her.”
“───”
“And so, what you should do…is not live in regret.”
Sheathing his knight’s sword back into its scabbard, the knight tidied up his appearance, which had been dirtied by blood and sand, and spoke such words.
It was a ruthless thing to say, but he was right nonetheless. At that, Subaru gritted his teeth and took a deep breath to hide his hatred for that correctness.
Then he hugged the one who had been alone for so long tighter. She who had been left behind and spent such a long time in this place. Slowly, not being alone, she was being sent off by her one and only.
Subaru, Beatrice, Julius, and Meili were all there.
In the distance, people could be seen running here from the tower. They must’ve been their other companions. Everyone was gathering together for her who had been alone for so long.
“But, even if Master were here alone, that would be enough.”
The image of her saying such words, not being demanding at all, appeared in front of his eyes, which slowly began welling up with tears. The witchbeast’s fangs gently brushed the tears that were falling down Subaru’s cheeks.
The sharp fangs that seemed as if they could destroy anything, intimately, tenderly, and gently caressed Subaru, who was the most fragile of all. And then—
“—Ah.”
The arms that had been wrapped around her suddenly no longer felt her. Crumbling, the shell of the Crimson Scorpion that had lost its weight scattered into dust. As he watched the black particles scatter over the sea of sand, Subaru opened his mouth wide.
“Shaula…”
“Yes, Master.”
“Shaula…Shaula…Shaula.”
“Did you call for me? Master.”
“Shaula, Shaula…”
“Mmmmm, ahhhhh, being loved sooo much by Master like this makes me feel soooooo embarasseedddd!”
Closing his eyes, the sound of her voice responding to his call rang in his ears. And yet, now, she no longer existed anywhere.
“—Ah.”
Subaru crouched down to the ground, scratching at the sea of sand in front of him. The sound of someone’s voice reached his ears. He didn’t know whose voice it was. He didn’t have the time to confirm who it was, but simply looked up at where it came from and widened his eyes.
Still covered in black particles, a mound of sand shook slightly, and something crawled out from it. It was rather small, about the size of a palm. The small creature with a crimson shell swung its two pincers in order to get through the sand and then expertly pulled its body from the sand with its tail—
“───”
It skittered over to Subaru, who was on his knees, and brushed against his sandy hand. The mere act of brushing against him seemed to have been her leaving behind a trace of her charm.
△▼△▼△▼△
Ragged, ragged, scattering away.
Crumbling, crumbling, flaking away.
Tired, tired, fading away.
Ragged, crumbling, and tired, everything in the distance was shimmering.
Ragged, crumbling, and tired, everything shimmered in the distance.
—Everything shimmered, because you were there.
“A mere 400 years…is almost like the day after tomorowww.”
“Because I also loved waiting for you.”
“Hey, Master. That’ why, someday, again…”
“I hope you’ll meet me again someday.”
“This time…is it my turn to wait for you? Instead of the woman doing the chasing, the woman is being chased.”
“Master, this promise is…very, very important.”
“This time…please don’t forget it.”
“—I love youuu, Master.”
△▼△▼△▼△
“You’re an…idiot.”
His voice trembling, Subaru muttered that, as if saying he could never forget that.
Then he picked up the being tickling the back of his hand and cupped it with both hands.
As if it were a little embarrassed, the tiny scorpion trembled, accepting his action.
Its shell was a bright shade of red, so vivid that it seemed like it could burn one’s eyes—oh so red.
—That was something that not even the span of 400 years could fade, the color of Love.


Chapter 91
—In complete silence, Subaru’s shoulders trembled, the tiny scorpion that had emerged from beneath the dust in his hands.
He’d wanted to save her. He’d wanted to take her out of this lonely sand tower. He’d promised to help her, but now he couldn’t keep his promise. Subaru Natsuki always made promises he couldn’t keep.
“───”
Not a single soul could utter a word to Subaru, squatting in the sand in silence.
Beatrice, who was beside him, and Julius and Meili, who were behind him, could not find the right words to say.
The scorpion, which had been in his cupped hands, crawled up Subaru’s arm and perched itself on his shoulder, brushing against his neck as if it were trying to comfort him, who had even forgotten to shed tears and weep.
Subaru didn’t have a clue as to what the tiny scorpion even was. What did this scorpion, which had emerged from the remains of the Crimson Scorpion, have to do with Shaula? Or was she this scorpion?—
“—That’s…impossible.”
Subaru had exchanged words with Shaula in her last moments. However, it was not clear whether the conversation actually happened or if he was just imagining it all as she was passing away.
However, Subaru harbored a sad conviction that it was indeed the case. Shaula was gone. Her existence was tied to the very rules of the Pleaides Watchtower, and, ultimately, much like Reid or the Monolith of the third floor, was like a stage prop for a Trial.
As a result, once the watchtower had fulfilled its role, she had to leave. She had followed the role of a Stage Prop until the very end, and for her to merely be a Stage Prop opened up a hole in Subaru’s heart.
“───”
That frank smile, the annoyance he felt because of her desire to interact with him, and her unfamiliar voice calling him “Master, Master” with deep affection, all of it was gone.
If Shaula were to cry out and scream that she did not want to disappear, then Subaru would do everything in his power to stop it from happening, and would sacrifice himself time and time again in order to save her.
However, that wasn’t what she wanted.
Smiling, she told him she wanted to meet him again someday, but then she disappeared shortly after. He wasn’t sure, but—
“I know… I will meet you again someday. So…”
With a cheerful smile, she fulfilled her wish to tell him she loved him. For that reason—
“—So… Goodbye for now, Shaula.”
Her dreams, which had turned into crimson dust, were stolen away by the sand wind along with her remains. Subaru let out a sigh as he watched. And, as if to brighten the mood, the scorpion, which had crawled up to his neck, was playing with his ears with its pincers.
“OUCH!”
Feeling a sharp pain, he felt as if he were being urged not to feel down about it. With tears in his eyes because of the pain, Subaru nodded with an “I know, I know” and grabbed the scorpion on his neck and tried to disengage it from his ears. However—
“OUCH! No, I got it already, so you can let me go now…OW! Hey…this…is making my ear bleed…this guy! This guy’s…not letting go…!”
“…What are you doinnnng, Big Brother?”
Subaru’s ear currently in its grasp, he panicked since he couldn’t manage to peel the mini crimson scorpion away from it. When he was about to lose part of his ear, it was Meili who came to the rescue.
Astounded by what was happening, she quickly moved over to where Subaru was and grabbed the mini crimson scorpion with her little hand.
“Just because it’s smallll, it’s stilllll a witchbeast, you know, so if you let it get close to your face, it could start chomping on your eyes or nose before you knew what hit youuu.”
“Eyes and nose!? But…this little guy isn’t like that.”
“It’s a witchbeast, Big Brother. —That…isn’t Naked Big Sister anymore.”
“───”
Saying that, Meili plopped the mini crimson scorpion onto the top of her head. The little thing didn’t do anything naughty to her head, unlike what it did to Subaru earlier. It appeared as if it were under the influence of her Divine Protection of Magic Manipulation, thus hiding its aggression.
Needless to say, this was proof that the mini crimson scorpion was a witchbeast that could be tamed by Meili—as well as proof that the little thing didn’t contain Shaula’s ego.
“Subaru, let me heal your wounds then, I suppose.”
Then, with his eyes still cast downward, Beatrice tugged on his sleeve and tenderly looked his body over. In consideration of her, he bit his lip and nodded strongly. He knew he couldn’t stay in the sea of sand forever.
“—Subaru! Everyone!”
In the distance, the big door to the watchtower swung open, and Emilia came rushing towards them. It was clear that she hadn’t had an easy time due to how messed up her clothes looked. They would all be able to chat together, including about that as well.
They had too many things to talk about as well as too many farewells to give.
△▼△▼△▼△
“…Shaula…was someone who always worked reaaaaally hard.”
After she heard the details and found out the reason why Shaula was no longer there, Emilia stared out into the sea of sand where her remains had scattered, mourning her loss in her own ladylike way.
And then she gently patted the mini crimson scorpion on Meili’s head with her white fingers. It was rather accepting of Emilia’s fingers despite being ordered by Meili to behave well, and it seemed to find it quite pleasant even though she could not see a change in its facial expression.
“Lady Emilia, what went on on the first floor? Were you able to safely complete the Trial?”
After hearing about what happened to Shaula, Emilia looked at Subaru, whose face was sunken, with grief painted on her face. However, it was Julius who’d made the first move to change the subject. And after hearing his question, she answered him with an “I think so.”
“Mm, it was reaaaally hard because I didn’t understand it, but I more or less completed it, I think… Oh! Do you completely remember me, Julius?”
“—. That’s…right. I can certainly remember who you are now.”
Emilia asked that question nervously, and Julius replied with a look of surprise on his face. Whilst covering his mouth his hand, Julius said “Lady Emilia” once more, confirming that the Emilia who had previously gone missing had returned, and then nodded.
“Beatrice! Do you remember me? How about you, Meili?”
“…I remember you, so don’t worry, I suppose. It was as if I had completely forgotten you until someone told me I’d forgotten you, in fact. It’s such a scary feeling, I suppose.”
“I also completellly remember youuu. How about you, Big Sis? Do you remember me and all of the promises we made?”
“Absolutely. I’ll never forget them. That’s a relief. I had a feeling everything would be okay since Ram and Patrasche remembered me too…”
After hearing Beatrice’s and Meili’s answers, Emilia gave a sigh of relief. Subaru called out to their response with “Wait.”
And with everyone’s attention drawn to himself, Subaru let out—
“That’s super awesome news, but I wanna properly make sense of it. In short? Everyone…can properly remember everything about Emilia-tan now? That means…uhh…”
“—Miss Ram…has slain Lye Batenkaitos.”
“───”
Subaru widened his eyes after Julius interrupted him and made that declaration.
Lye Batenkaitos—one of the three Sin Archbishops of Gluttony, as well one of Subaru and Ram’s mortal enemies. He was also an enemy in this tower who had caused them much hardship with his extreme violence in addition to eating Emilia’s Name.
After being told that he had been slain, Subaru’s throat dried up. If Lye Batenkaitos had been slain, that meant—
“Does that mean the things he stole will be given back…? If that’s true—”
If Emilia’s Name had returned, that means the other effects of Gluttony’s Authority will also come undone.
Batenkaitos, who had pretended to be a Gourmet, must have eaten beyond his fill. If everything that had been stolen had been returned, that would also affect the people in the Watergate City, Priestella—
“───”
Thinking about such things, Subaru shook his head. He knew he shouldn’t deceive himself like this. He knew he shouldn’t bottle up his feeling and keep bullshitting himself.
Subaru Natsuki, at this very moment, harbored an excessively selfish and egotistical hope. If Lye Batenkaitos had been slain, and the influence of his Authority had come undone, then—
“—Rem…can anyone remember her?”
She was a girl who had been forgotten by the world, leaving a hole in Subaru’s heart because of her absence. They had gone on this journey to take back what had been stolen—and for Subaru, the purpose of this journey was simply to save Rem.
For the watchtower, where they had gone to obtain wisdom for that purpose, to be attacked by Gluttony, was rather ironic, but it did not matter as long as they got what went there for.
Subaru looked at everyone, fueled by such hopes. In response to his question, however—
“…I’m reaaalllly sorry, Subaru. But I still can’t remember who Rem is.”
“—! Why not?!”
“Betty can’t either, I suppose. I still can’t recall who Ram’s sister is, in fact. Moreover…”
“Moreover? Moreover, what? What else is there?”
Emilia had denied it, and Beatrice followed, leaving Subaru in a state of shock.
His budding hopes had been shot down, so Subaru rushed over to Beatrice, who had yet to continue her words. Desperation in his eyes, she pointed towards Julius behind her with her white chin.
“I still can’t remember Julius, in fact. Perhaps not all of the harm Gluttony caused has been undone, I suppose.”
“Julius…”
Emilia agreed with Beatrice’s opinion with a nod of her head. Meili, on the other hand, shrugged since she didn’t even know Julius before his Name was taken, and Emilia had no reason to lie, either.
It was clear that Rem and Julius’ Names had not been returned—
“As far as that is concerned, I have an idea as to why my Name hasn’t been returned.”
Whilst Subaru was still in a state of confusion, it was none other than Julius who uttered that. And then, after looking back at Subaru with narrowed eyes, he continued.
It was—
“—The Sin Archbishop of Gluttony, Roy Alphard, was captured alive. To be exact, he was the one who bereaved me of my Name. I suppose that is why my Name has yet to return.”
△▼△▼△▼△
Passing through the grand entrance to the Pleaides Watchtower was the dragon carriage that had brought Subaru and the others to the sand tower and left on the fifth floor. Next to it was a person waving at them.
“Long time no see, Emilia, Natsuki.”
“…Could that be Lady Anastasia?”
Widening his eyes, Subaru stared intently at the smiling, slowly waving figure.
He confirmed that her movements, attitude, and even her expressions were all natural. Was that the artificial spirit, Echidna, who could reproduce a persons nature and act exactly like the original?—No, it wasn’t a reproduction.
This was her ORIGINAL character. He couldn’t really call it a reproduction now. That is to say—
“Anastasia! Did you wake up?”
“Yep. It seems like I took a really long nap and made you guys worry. Echidna told me about the things that happened these past few months, too.”
“Is Echidna alright, too?”
“How can I put it? For now, other than the thought of blamin’ herself, there are no thoughts like ‘Let me just die.’”
As Anastasia answered Emilia’s question, the scarf around her neck moved, and the white fox lowered her head as if in apology.
“Blamin’ yourself like that. I’ve already told ya before. It was our choice, so there’s no need for ya ta be depressed, Echidna. Ya think so too, don’t’cha, Julius?”
“Me?…Yes. If I am speaking honestly, the decision you made made me quite worried, so I am afraid I cannot give you an answer to that, Lady Anastasia.”
“I feel a bit embarrassed, but I’d still like ta ask: what do ya mean by that?”
“Hearing the reason why you shut yourself within yourself is…all I could ask for as your knight.”
Unraveling his lips, Julius answered gracefully. Hearing his answer, Anastasia covered her mouth with her hand and said “Forget it, I’m not going to force you to say it” with a smile.
It was a very harmonious conversation. If you were to say that these two were like a master and a servant, then there would be none who could say otherwise.
“Did Anastasia really forget about Julius? Because they seem to be getting along pretty well…”
“I really did forget about the relationship we had before… This in itself, for me, is already makin’ me totally angry and is unbearable…! But…!”
“She’s been controlling her feelings, really, so she’s acting like that. Fortunately, after being with Julius for the past two months, I can say a few things about him. It appears that I was born for this very purpose.”
“…You…also seem to be going off in an odd direction, in fact.”
Beatrice spoke a bit gently to Anastasia, whose lips were quivering, and, by extension, Echidna, who was around her neck. Hearing that, Echidna snorted her fox nose and nodded with a “yeah.”
Echidna, the artificial spirit without any history, and who had gone to the watchtower in the place of Anastasia, also had her own thoughts and appeared to have been able to come to a positive conclusion.
It seemed as if Anastasia getting her own body back safely was part of it. The taking care of her many problems, as well as her regret she felt for shutting herself off in her own Od, and so on, had yet to be resolved—
“It’d be insensitive for us to poke around at their affairs, huh.”
The problems between Anastasia and Echidna should be discussed by them alone. Of course, if they asked for his assistance, Subaru would gladly exert himself for their sakes and assist them in solving their problems. It would be safe to say that the time they spent on this two month journey had fostered such a bond.
“—Um, Anastasia. I’m sooooo happy that you got back safely and are suuuper talkative, but…”
“I know. You wanna know what happened to the Sin Archbishop that Julius defeated? He did this and that, and then chucked him into the dragon carriage.”
“Julius did this and that…”
Anastasia shrugged her shoulders and then gestured at the dragon carriage behind her. Subaru silently gazed at the dragon carriage next to Emilia, who was pondering her words. Within it was Roy Alphard, the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony.
“───”
Before he entered the dragon carriage, he stroked the neck of the earth dragon—Gyan, who was attached to the carriage. With its thick legs, the earth dragon from the Agaress species played a crucial role in the final battle with Shaula, and had unexpectedly led Subaru and the others to victory.
This wasn’t the absolute best result. Nevertheless, it didn’t undermine his consideration for Gyan. Not to mention that Meili was able to survive thanks to Gyan’s spirit.
“I was totally saved thanks to you… In the future, no matter what happens, please continue to help me out.”
“───”
Gyan, whose thick neck was being stroked, flared his nostrils, as if saying that that would be a heavy burden to carry. Subaru smiled bitterly, put on a serious face, and then got on the dragon carriage. Then, after giving a nod to Emilia and the others, he peered inside.
Inside…was the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony—
“—That’s him.”
The atmosphere full of tension, Subaru peered into the dragon carriage, and after seeing what was inside, was shocked by what he saw. Alphard was indeed inside of the dragon carriage. However, the method in which he had been detained was a bit different from what Subaru had imagined.
Roy Alphard, with his eyes rolled back revealing the whites of his eyes, was covered in a black crystalline material, effectively detaining—no, sealing him.
“It’s a Sin Archbishop…so just preventing them from moving wouldn’t be enough, right? That’s why I rigorously solidified it to the best of my ability.”
“This solidification thing…what’s the principle behind it?”
“The principle…is that it is an application of Yin Magic, I suppose. Using Shamak to separate them from their consciousness, it is then solidified like that… It’s a very ruthless way of doing it, in fact.”
“So this black thing is like a chunk of Shamak…?”
After Subaru heard Beatrice’s explanation, he was a bit shocked and then looked at the seal once more. Shamak was arguably Subaru’s most trustworthy magic before he formed a contract with Beatrice, but its effects and the way Julius used it as a means of sealing someone could only be described as amazing.
Seeing the way Subaru reacted, Julius said “Please don’t misunderstand me.”
“It’s nothing…it’s not a technique I invented or anything. This exact technique is used to make the world’s most famous seal. Though there is a huge difference in the scale.”
“The most famous in the world… You mean that one?”
“—The Witch of Envy…right?”
Emilia, who was looking at the sealed Alphard, said that. Julius gave a deep nod, confirming what she’d said. The seal used on Alphard had used the same technique that had sealed the Witch of Envy for the past 400 years nearby, east of the watchtower.
In other words, the words of Julius, who had created the seal using a tried and true method, could be said to be more than reliable enough. But that wasn’t the question that needed to be asked.
“The question is…why do you want to keep this guy alive?”
“Subaru…”
Emilia, gazing at the sealed Alphard, said that to Subaru whilst lowering her eyebrows. His heart aching due to her gaze, Subaru turned his head and said, “That’s just how it is, right?.”
“When one of the Gluttony’s…when Batenkaitos died, everyone remembered Emilia again. So, if this guy dies, then the rest of the Memories would…”
“There is no solid proof that they would come back. That is the biggest reason why I did not end his life.”
“───”
“There is absolutely no doubt that Miss Ram slayed Batenkaitos. However, was Lady Emilia’s Name returned merely because of that? Something else…perhaps he had given it back voluntarily…that possibility cannot be ruled out. If you make a hasty decision, everything could be lost.”
Julius threw out one sound argument after another, as if reprimanding Subaru for his impatience. And his argument was so sound that Subaru could not even offer up a rebuttal. However—
“In that case…in that case, what about his Book of the Dead?”
Subaru proposed using a method that only existed in the watchtower as an alternative. When it came to revealing the true thoughts of a person, there was perhaps nothing more suitable than a Book of the Dead. Whatever the case may be, it was something that allowed one to experience another person’s life.
“Even if you interrogate him, there’s no guarantee that he will spill the beans. If that’s the case, then it would be better to just use his Book of the Dead to reveal this guy’s innermost thoughts.”
“Subaru, that…I don’t think that’s a good idea. This kind of approach is…”
“But, I’m sure it’ll work. If we do it this way…”
“Ya know what? Can I interrupt ya for a sec?”
Emilia’s opinion differed from Subaru’s, who had suggested using his Book of the Dead. Not only that, but Subaru was just about to lay out his argument only for Anastasia to butt in with a raise of her hand.
Anastasia looked at Subaru, who looked embarrassed, and folded her hands on top of her chest—
“I heard from Echidna that there may be things missin’ in ‘em…like that Book of the Dead, so wouldn’t it be dangerous ta rely on it too much?”
“Dangerous?…why do you say so?”
“In any case, that’s somethin’ you’ve vividly experienced yourself, right, Natsuki? I heard that ya lost yourself while I was asleep.”
“───”
How many things could she possibly talk about with Echidna in such a short period of time? He wondered. Anastasia had hit him where it hurts.
However, the danger the Book of the Dead held did not necessarily coincide with Subaru’s amnesia. The disappearance of his memories did not come about due to the Book of the Dead. However, that did not completely negate the risk that Books of the Dead posed.
In fact, when he read Meili’s Book of the Dead, some parts of Subaru’s mind and emotions were almost painted over by her personality.
What would have become of Subaru, who did not consider himself to be particularly powerful or mentally strong, if he had been a more impressionable person?
Who could say that a new Roy Alphard, who had inherited the soul of the former Roy Alphard, would not be born as a result?
“Then…then are you trying to say that it’s right to let this guy live, Anastasia? Even after everything he’s done up until now?!”
“If you’re talkin’ ‘bout what’s right or wrong, then I don’t think it’s right to keep a Sin Archbishop alive. If I could just kill this guy and get Julius’ Memories back, I think that’d be good. But I have a pet theory ‘bout that.”
“A pet theory…?”
“Whether someone should be alive or not, snatchin’ and robbin’ ‘em of it should only be done as a last resort. —A person who can easily kill another human being will not have a good end. It ain’t one of Hoshin’s Sayings but one of my own.”
Subaru’s eyes widened after hearing Anastasia’s words. In this fantasy world of swords and magic, there was such a rebellious, naïve way of thinking. But at the same time, the moral side of Subaru felt like she was right.
Subaru also believed that the less people died, the better. Not to mention his friends, it would even be better for his enemies to die less. However, that way of thinking was only limited to cases where the other person deserved mercy.
“He has caused so much misfortune for so many people, and has continued to torment everyone until this day… Do you still think we shouldn’t kill a guy like that, Anastasia?”
“When it’s the right time to kill someone, kill them. When I need ta make a decision, and the situation is critical, I will dirty my hands. But it ain’t right ta leave it ta impulse. —I think you’re that kinda guy, Natsuki.”
“That kind of…thing, is…”
“Because of that, you can shed tears for someone else who’s been lost… Rather than a heartless Natsuki who doesn’t shed blood nor tears, I would prefer ta get along with that kind of you forever.”
Anastasia ran her fingers across her cheek and pointed out Subaru’s tears. Instantly, Subaru lowered his gaze, the wound in his heart due to losing Shaula aching. Anastasia’s statement had been mean. But it was, without a doubt, quite effective.
“…Subaru, I also share the same opinion as Anastasia. Taking the sleeping Rem and Julius into account, I reaaaally want to hurry up and resolve things, but…”
“No need to worry about me, at least. Having gotten to this point, doing what is right is far more important than making hasty decisions… This also concerns my younger brother, after all.”
They were on the brink of recovering Joshua’s memories, who had been left in Priestella, and Julius was extremely cautious—but, as has already been mentioned above, that was the correct choice.
In order to make up for their pain and sense of loss, he was eager to get results. That was probably how Subaru felt right now.
“Let’s summarize it then. Ana and Julius’ opinion is that we should move Roy Alphard…the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony, to the royal capital to find a way to save the victims of his Authority. He will not be pardoned after that, either. He shouldn’t be able to escape capital punishment.”
“There’re limits ta how much they can pardon on the grounds of age. That’s how it may end up in the end.”
After seeing Subaru unclenching his fist, Echidna and Anastasia got the story in order.
Emilia had no objections to the treatment of Alphard. He would be taken to the royal capital in a sealed state, so, in a sense, he would be in the same position as Sirius, who had been taken there not too long ago.
“Do ya also think this’ll be alright, Emilia?”
“Yeah. I also reaaally want to properly remember the people who have been forgotten.”
When Anastasia asked her that to confirm her intentions, Emilia lifted her head and answered in a dignified manner.
Subaru couldn’t form a rebuttal to her words, feeling somewhat hopeful and bitter at the same time, and then turned away from the Sin Archbishop in the dragon carriage and suddenly fell to his knees.
“Huh?…”
“Subaru! Ahh, jeez, I knew you were going too far, in fact! It’s only natural for you to become like this when you’ve been in a bad mood for so long, I suppose!”
Subaru’s head felt heavy, his vision was unclear, and she was supporting his shoulders whilst yelling angrily at him. Her adorable voice rang in his head and he realized he had consuming more energy than he thought. Wouldn’t it be natural for her to say, “it’s a natural result”?
He had died many times when he had amnesia, died many times afterwards, came face-to-face with himself in order to recover his memories, fought against the five obstacles that plagued the tower when he woke up, used his Authority to take on the burdens of his friends in battle, and lost Shaula at the end of it all—
He had exhausted his mind and body well past their limits. He had only been there for a few days but felt like he had spent more than five years in the tower.
“—Ah, I…”
“Subaru, relax, everything is going to be alright. Can you be good now and rest for a little while? Let’s talk about it when you wake up. I have a loooot I want to say to you, too.”
Subaru, who was exhausted and unable to move an inch, was being hugged from the front by Emilia. Her soft touch and sweet scent, which would normally cause his body to stiffen, were as effective as a powerful drug for him now, causing his consciousness to quickly descend into darkness.
If I die now in the darkness, would I go back to an earlier point where I was running around the tower trying to find a way to save Shaula? He wondered. But that was impossible. He half-understood it would be impossible, but he couldn’t help but hope for it.
Slowly, Subaru’s consciousness was swallowed up by the darkness.
△▼△▼△▼△
“Heave-ho!”
Lifting up Subaru’s unconscious body, Emilia sighed. Subaru’s eyes were shut tight and was breathing laborious breaths, testaments of how hard he worked to solve the problems in the watchtower.
It showed just how desperate Subaru was to save Emilia and the others. When he rushed to her side when Batenkaitos took her Name and was forgotten by everyone, she was so happy.
She wanted to tell him that. She hoped Subaru would not blame himself too much. He was not responsible for what happened to Shaula. It was Emilia’s and everyone else’s responsibility, but to be more precise—
“—I think her Master, Flugel, was a reaaaally bad person.”
He was the one who pushed the achievements of the Sage onto Shaula, and, binding her to the Pleiades Watchtower, was responsible for putting her to sleep.
Even if he was one of the three heroes who saved the world, since he made Subaru cry and Shaula sad, he was just a villain in Emilia’s mind. Of course, since she would never have a chance to talk to him, there was no one who could relieve her of this feeling of frustration.
“He looks like he’s really fatigued…but it ain’t a big problem. He will recover if he rests. That’s it, why don’t we go to that ‘Green Room’?”
“Yeah. Ram and the others are there too… Weren’t you looking after Rem when she came to help me, Anastasia?”
“That’s an exaggerated story, right? Once I recovered my self, I just saw off Julius, who was goin’ to help Natsuki, and Ram, who was goin’ to help out Emilia… I’m afraid ta say that Rem hasn’t shown any changes at all.”
“I see…”
Thinking of Ram, Rem, and Patrasche waiting in the Green Room, Emilia wrinkled her finely-shaped eyebrows.
The slaying of Batenkaitos was, in a sense, done as revenge for Rem, who had been bereaved of her Name and Memories. However, the only thing that mattered was that she woke up, and since she had not done so, whether they managed to get their revenge or not was unimportant.
That was at least something Ram would say without any sort of hesitation. The only thing that mattered to her was getting Rem back.
“I hope Roy Alphard can tell us something about that, too. There are too many unanswered questions about this watchtower…no, about the Great Library of Pleiades.”
“An all-knowing Great Library…that is the claim Shaula had made, in fact. She was a carefree girl, but because of that, she did not play around with words, I suppose. She said this was the Great Library, so there’s no reason to doubt that, in fact.
Was the function of the Great Library merely the Books of the Dead? Or were there other functions? That is what they needed to find out. Based on that, Emilia had something to say to Beatrice and the others.
“Well, after taking Subaru to the Green Room to rest, there’s a place I want to go with everyone… There is someone I’d like everyone to meet.”
“…Is it related to the first floor, I wonder?”
On the first floor, Emilia had broken through the last Trial. This was something Beatrice and the others already knew about. The problem was that she had yet to reveal everything.
Specifically, what was on the first floor? Who did she meet? What did Emilia do there? Since it was bizarre, out-of-this-world, and difficult to express in words—
“It won’t take long to tell you about it, but it’s suuuper complex, so how about we just meet them in person and talk about it?”
Said Emilia, pointing far above her at the top of the watchtower.
△▼△▼△▼△
“—Thou, who hath reached the top of the tower. Step forth onto the first floor, almighty petitioner.”
 “───”
After being guided by Emilia to the highest floor of the Pleiades Watchtower—the first floor—everyone was overwhelmed and rendered speechless by the massive dragon’s greeting.
Seeing the look on everyone’s faces, Emilia said, “Suuuuper surprising, right?” and continued whilst craning her neck—
“When I got to the first floor and saw Volcanica waiting here, I was reaaaally surprised…”
“No-no, hold on, hold on a second, I suppose. Hey, this isn’t a problem that can be solved simply by being surprised, in fact!”
In front of the Divine Dragon covered in azure scales, Beatrice let out a panicky voice unbefitting of her appearance. She was swinging her hands up and down as if she were completely restless. However, she was not the only one who was in a shocked state.
“This…is…”
“Wooooow, somethin’ has appeared that not even I could’ve anticipated. What’s goin’ on here? Didn’t ya say that Mr. Divine Dragon was beyond the Great Waterfall?”
“That should be the case. According to the prophecy from the Dragon History Stone, in the same year that the royal selection comes to an end, he will renew the covenant with the one who becomes the ruler of Lugunica, Ana.”
Next to Julius, who had been rendered speechless, the calm Anastasia could barely hide her cold sweat. Around her neck, the sound of Echidna’s voice was also slightly hoarse. However, after being late in reacting to the ladies’ response, Julius fixed his posture and said, “Excuse me—”
“Oh Great Divine Dragon who defends our Kingdom. We deeply apologize for our rudeness in the presence of your esteemed self, Great Volcanica, the bearer of the covenant who has kept it for so long and given us much aid.”
“───”
“Although it is like this, it is such an honor to meet you. I am Julius Juukulius, a member of the royal guard of the Kingdom of Lugunica. I’ve made sure to keep many of your treasured tales in mind.”
Julius, who had kneeled down and bowed, removed his sword from his waist and placed it on the ground next to him as a form of the utmost respect.
And so, as a knight who served the Dragon Kingdom, he showed the greatest courtesy to the Divine Dragon. Then, narrowing his golden eyes, Volcanica said—
“—I, am Volcanica. In accordance with the ancient covenant, the will of thee who hath reached the top shall be questioned.”
“My life, my faith, have all been dedicated to Lady Anastasia Hoshin. The one who will be the next ruler…and forge the next covenant…will surely be Lady Anastasia…Kuuu.”
“Ju-Julius, are ya crying?”
Julius, who was on his knees helplessly shedding tears, disturbed Anastasia. Wiping his tears away with the back of his hand, he said, “My apologies—”
“Not only did I become acquainted with one of the Three Heroes—Reid—but I was also able to meet the Divine Dragon, Volcanica. As a knight of the Kingdom of Lugunica, I could not be any more honored… This…tower, what in the world is it?”
Julius’ voice trembled due to experiencing something awe-inspiring.
With a tinge of remorse, as if she were ruining his special moment, Emilia started to say “About that…”
“Julius, I’m reaaally hesitant to tell you this because you’re sooo happy, but…”
“—. My apologies, Lady Emilia. Disregarding you and Lady Anastasia, I attempted to talk with the Divine Dragon without permission…”
“Mmm, don’t worry about it. It’s just that…Volcanica is…”
Trying to explain things to Julius without hurting him, Emilia struggled to find the right words to say. Then, coming from above her head—
“—Thou, who hath reached the top of the tower. Step forth onto the first floor, almighty petitioner.”
“…Wait a second. This line…I feel like I just heard it earlier.”
Hearing him repeat those words, Anastasia was the first to become suspicious. However, that same feeling spread to the others, too. Saying that was a natural thing to do, and everyone immediately noticed the change in Volcanica, who continued to repeat the same words over and over again. And—
“Although that’s Volcanica, he’s been waiting here for soooo long that he became a bit senile. Since his body is still full of energy, he’s a biiit of a rowdy one though…”
Volcanica, who had a pretty bad case of dementia, still had the true power of a dragon, but over the course of a long period his time, his mind became damaged.
Perhaps because of the Trial of the first floor, the Divine Dragon exerted a great amount of energy to stop Emilia from getting up the pillar, but once Emilia had reached the Monolith, he judged that she had passed the Trial and returned to his original position.
Moreover, although the Trial had ended, he still continued to talk about the Trial.
“The Great Divine Dragon is senile…?”
“Ju-Julius, calm down. Come on, you’re a little tired, aren’tcha? Why don’t ya sit down?”
Julius was extremely shocked by Emilia’s words. After Reid, the second legend he encountered also differed from the stories he’d heard about them, causing his knees to tremble.
Emilia also didn’t want to disappoint Julius, whose eyes sparkled, and somehow felt a dull pain in her chest. But—
“Emilia, that’s probably not the case, I suppose. This isn’t some kind of dementia, in fact.”
“Eh?”
“Echidna, I’m sure you can feel it, too, I suppose. This isn’t dementia…”
“Ah, yes. I wasn’t sure at first, but I feel it now. This isn’t the wearing down of the mind, but the emptiness of the spirit.”
“Emptiness of the…spirit…?”
Emilia was puzzled by the mutually understandable conversation going on between the artificial spirits Echidna and Beatrice. With surprised expressions on the faces of Julius and Anastasia, Beatrice held out her finger and said, “It’s simple, in fact.”
“His spirit is empty…. That is to say, his spirit is not within him, I suppose. As a result, he is limited in what he can say and respond with, in fact. Just think of it as him being 90 percent asleep, I suppose.”
“90 percent… But he was suuuper strong, though?”
“If his spirit were there, it would have been incomparable.”
Echidna’s tone implied that she had been lucky to survive, making Emilia shudder in response.
Emilia had just barely survived the desperate battle with the help of her ice soldiers. Surprisingly, that had just been akin to fighting with a half-asleep Volcanica. Although being half-asleep and being senile were similar, they were completely different in nature.
“But even if his spirit isn’t there, he still has the body of the Divine Dragon, I suppose. If that’s the case, then there may be a way to help the people of Priestella, in fact.”
“—! A way to help everyone? How can we do that?”
“—I see. We can get the blood of a dragon from the…Divine Dragon.”
Anastasia snapped her fingers, and Beatrice nodded at her words. Also hearing that, Emilia widened her eyes and let out an “Ah.”
The source of all of the tales that had been passed down in the Kingdom of Lugunica was none other than the blood of the Divine Dragon, Volcanica.
It had been said that a dragon’s blood was a miracle elixir that could revive a barren land, ensure a bountiful harvest, and heal all illnesses and injuries. To put it simply, many remarkable effects of it had been recorded.
And, not to mention anything else. Dragon’s blood was an element that Emilia could not ignore—
“If I get the blood from Volcanica…”
The reason why Emilia was participating in the royal selection was to obtain the Dragon’s Blood kept in the Kingdom of Lugunica and use it to thaw the frozen soil of the Great Elior Forest.
Emilia was determined to participle in the royal selection in order to liberate her people, who had been frozen in that forest because of her power going wild.
“───”
The realization that her main purpose in participating in it had a possibility of being achieved suddenly hit her. It made Emilia tense up and hold her breath.
If Volcanica’s blood could be obtained here, then Emilia would no longer have a reason to ascend the throne—
“I…”
“…Emilia, I’m sorry to have confused you, I suppose. The Blood that you are thinking about is not the same blood of this Volcanica, in fact. That’s why you won’t be able to achieve that, I suppose.”
Said Beatrice to Emilia, who was about to lose her reason for participating in the royal selection. Emilia then looked at her with rounded eyes and said “Huh?.”
“What do you mean I won’t be able to achieve that? I’ve…studied reaaallllly hard, you know. In order to melt the ice in the forest, I need the Dragon’s Blood in the royal castle. So…”
“There’s nothing wrong with that idea, I suppose. However, as I stated earlier, the Blood in Lugunica’s royal castle and the blood of this Volcanica are, strictly speaking, not the same… The Dragon’s Blood in the royal castle is the blood that spilled from the last beat of a dying dragon’s heart, I suppose.”
“The last drop of blood from the…heart?”
Hearing things she had never heard before, Emilia frowned, scrunching up her finely-shaped eyebrows. Beatrice gently nodded, and then Julius raised his hand and said, “May I ask a question?.”
Julius, who seemed to have just barely recovered from the shock of hearing about the existence or nonexistence of the Divine Dragon’s spirit, looked up at the Divine Dragon, whose responses remained unchanged—
“Excuse me, Lady Beatrice, but what do you mean by what you just said? I am also a knight belonging to the royal guard of the Kingdom of Lugunica. My ears pick up many things regarding the Kingdom. However, the thing you just said…”
“—As its heart beat one last time, the blood from its heart was poured into a container. That blood, as the true blood of a dragon, was entrusted to the royal castle in order to serve as proof of the covenant between man and dragon.”
“───”
“It’s no surprise that you do not know this, in fact. The words I said just now came from a book that had been sealed within the Forbidden Library… There is no longer any trace of its existence in the outside world, for it was an account left by the Witch of Greed, Echidna, I suppose.”
After hearing Beatrice’s response, Julius gasped, his eyes widening. As a knight of the Kingdom, he didn’t even know about that, but if it came from Beatrice, he couldn’t consider it a lie. And if it was the truth—
“Then, which dragon’s blood is the Dragon’s Blood being kept in the royal capital, Lugunica? The last beating of the heart would mean…”
“It’d be strange if the dragon who left the blood didn’t die… In that case, it wouldn’t make sense for it ta have come from the empty-headed Mr. Divine Dragon.”
Julius and Anastasia voiced their doubts, but they were also justified in doing so. If the Dragon’s Blood came from the last beat of its heart, then it would not belong to Volcanica. Also, if it was still the blood of a great power—
“Unfortunately, it wasn’t mentioned in the book, in fact.”
“…That person is always doing things half-heartedly. From what I can tell, that Witch of Greed is the biggest reason why Natsuki is so cold to me, right? Because of that, he doesn’t have a good impression of me, and now that impression is only getting amplified.”
“Don’t speak ill of Mother, I suppose. Mind your words, in fact.”
“Don’t fight like that, you two! But, errmmm, mmm…”
After scolding the two of them who were getting heated with each other because of having a difference of opinion regarding Echidna, Emilia silently lowered her head.
When Emilia first heard that Volcanica’s blood was different from the Dragon’s Blood in the royal castle, she was surprised. And yet, at the same time, she was relieved.
“…Such a thing is…sooooo strange.”
Emilia’s main goal was to help everyone in the forest. This goal remained unchanged even today. Therefore, if she were able to obtain Volcanica’s blood here and use it as a solution, it would be possible to liberate everyone in the Great Elior Forest using it. However, while she wanted to do so, she was hesitant.
—If she used another means to melt the permafrost plaguing the Great Elior Forest, would she step off the stage and stop participating in the royal selection?
“───”
“…Emilia’s concerns aside, if Beatrice’s words are true, can anythin’ be done with Mr. Volcanica’s blood? There’s a high possibility of it bein’ a disappointment, right?”
“Whether he’s become useless, senile, or lost his spirit, he is still a Divine Dragon, I suppose. So his blood must be quite powerful as well. It’s just that…”
“It wouldn’t be enough to melt everyone’s ice, right?”
In response to Emilia’s question, Beatrice gave her an apologetic look and nodded her head. Gazing at the appearance of Beatrice who looked more sad than herself, Emilia relaxed her lips, looked up, and said, “It’s okay.”
“That fact is pretty disappointing, but since it was something that happened so suddenly, I was soooo surprised that I didn’t realize it… So, it’s not a big deal.”
“I’m sorry, I suppose. I should have told you about it, in fact… I didn’t expect the Divine Dragon to be in a place like this, I suppose. It’s truly regrettable.”
“Mmm, that’s right, he’s such a troublemaker.”
Beatrice’s face sunk in a way that didn’t suit her, and Emilia puffed up her chest.
To be honest, she really did feel disappointed. However, what she had said to Beatrice was the truth. Rather, it felt as if she had been told she could not take shortcuts or cheat.
“Then, let’s get back to the question at hand. If the blood of the Divine Dragon is used, there is a possibility of restoring those in Priestella who have had their appearances changed due to Lust’s Authority. As Beatrice stated, even if he does not have a spirit, the blood itself should still contain great power.”
“It has been said that a single drop of the castles Dragon’s Blood could revitalize a wasteland. It’s a powerful medicine, ain’t it?”
“Therefore, it would be essential to dilute it thousands of times.”
“But it’s a pretty big improvement compared to having nothing at all. If the stories about it being a miracle medicine are true, then it’s worth giving it a shot.”
After hearing the conversation going on between Echidna, Anastasia, and Julius, Emilia once again felt hopeful. They had crossed the Augria Sand Dunes in order to help those who had suffered misfortune.
If they could find a way to solve the problems caused by Lust and Gluttony, that would be best. Otherwise, there would be no way to reward Subaru for all of the damage he had suffered.
“I’m sooooo selfish like this…”
It was very selfish of her to want to make Shaula’s sacrifice have meaning. She’d spent a long time in this tower following her own thoughts and desires. It had been Shaula herself who’d made it meaningful, not Emilia.
“Mm, I got it. I’ll go and ask Volcanica about it. But he may not understand me at all and go on a rampage if I try to take his blood.”
“Don’t you ever get tired of hearing that, I suppose? Emilia, as the new administrator of the Pleiades Watchtower, you have authority over it now, in fact. Can you do something with it, I wonder?”
“The administrator’s authority…I still don’t have any awareness of that…like at all.”
The mystery of the third floor had been solved, she had broken through Reid on the second floor, and expressed her will to Volcanica on the first floor.
Based on these conditions alone, Emilia had indeed captured the watchtower. However, if she were to say whether or not she could see any obvious changes, the answer would be no.
What she could vaguely perceive now was—
“The sand dunes leading to the watchtower will no longer reject anyone…I think?”
“Is this…the choice you made, Emilia? Isn’t that kind of statement quite risky since Books of the Dead are troublesome things?”
“We may face dangerous situations sometimes, but I think we can handle it if we are careful and use them properly. I think there are still lots of things that can’t be decided on on our own.”
For Emilia and the others, it would be too difficult to draw any conclusions about the tower since they were too few in number. For better or worse, she and the others didn’t have the power to do anything about it. Therefore, it would be best to let more capable people figure it out.
“That’s what I think. Do you not agree with it?”
“…I feel like you’re putting a little too much hope in others, but this is the conclusion you came to. If Ana and Julius don’t object to it, then neither will I.”
“Thank you, Echidna.”
Emilia thanked Echidna, who had been the first to agree with her, like this. Anastasia also spoke up with a “Got it, got it.”
“I don’t object to it, either. Actually, even if we made an effort ta hide it, it would be difficult to make the most of it… If that’s the case, it’d be best ta share what we found after trekkin’ all the way here. There’s the issue of Gluttony and we might be able ta bring the dragon’s blood back, too.”
“We should not be vile, nor expect too much. The most important thing is that it was Lady Emilia who reached the top of the tower. We should respect her wishes.”
“Anastasia, Julius, thank you!”
After receiving the two’s agreement, Emilia thanked them with a smile. Then she finally looked back at Beatrice, who had yet to express her opinion on the matter.
“How about you, Beatrice? Do you think this is too irresponsible?”
“If you are talking about being responsible or irresponsible, abandoning this place without investigating it is the most irresponsible thing we could do, I suppose. Betty does not object, in fact. I am also personally interested in this.”
“Awesome!”
Emilia placed her hand on her chest, relieved that one of her closest companions did not disagree with her.
“Okay, next up is the issue of the blood… The easiest way to go about it is to take Volcanica with us.”
“I think that’ll cause a lotta problems.”
It was true that Volcanica was rather large, and if they took him back with them, there was a possibility that he would bump into a lot of things. However, since he could fly, he could just fly in the air when they entered a street and not have to worry about him bumping into anything.
“Erm, Volcanica. Can you come with us? Or, if you have to stay here, I’d like for you to share some of your blood with me…”
“───”
“Volcanica?”
Half expecting something to happen, half giving up, thinking that Volcanica would only repeat the lines from the Trial, Emilia frowned at his present reaction.
Volcanica, the Divine Dragon, who had returned to his original position on the first floor and was leaning against the central pillar, slowly raised his head and turned his gaze outside of the tower.
He neither responded to Emilia and the others, nor did he show any sort of aggression. Emilia, at least, felt like his behavior was rather peculiar. And at the same time—
“What?”
Feeling as if a cold finger had traced along the entirety of her back, Emilia quickly turned her gaze in the direction of the cause of that chilly feeling—the direction of Volcanica’s gaze, east of the tower.
East of the tower, past the end of the sea of sand, was the Great Waterfall at the world’s edge—no, what existed there was the Great Waterfall, as well as a special place.
That was—
△▼△▼△▼△
“Mmmmm…”
Feeling something rough gently brushing against his face, Subaru opened his eyes whilst groaning. His vision was blurred, and after blinking a few times, a clear outline appeared, and what came into view was the cause of that rough sensation—Patrasche had been licking his face with her red tongue.
“…Is that you, Patrasche…?”
“───”
“Sorry for making you worry… You…risked your life again, didn’t you? Sorry for always making things hard for you.”
Relaxing his lips, Subaru gently put his hand on his beloved earth dragon’s worried face and began stroking it. This jet-black earth dragon had always saved him when he was in tough spots. Not to mention her kindness for saving him when he had amnesia, but the things Patrasche had done in this past week were also of great importance. To put it simply—
“If Patrasche hadn’t been here, Rem might have died. Bringing this girl back home is probably the greatest accomplishment of Barusu’s life.”
“Even if it’s true, don’t diss me like that! I took Beako out and got Emilia-tan’s insignia back, too. Although Roswaal was involved with both of those, you know.”
As a matter of fact, Roswaal had nothing to do with Beatrice’s problem, but he dared to say it since it would get under her skin. And, as expected, he heard Ram “Tch” with her tongue in disgust.
Ram was leaning against the wall of the Green Room with her arms wrapped around herself. Subaru painfully narrowed his eyes and looked at her bruised body. It was clear that the battle against Lye Batenkaitos had been an intense one.
Since Meili had been injured in the middle of their battle, the amount of burdens Subaru could shoulder had been reduced, which was one of the reasons why she had to fight such a hard battle in the first place. Not sure of what to say, Subaru opened his mouth to apologize—
“Hey, Ram. It was my fault that you got hurt like this…blughhh!”
“Don’t speak such stupid words. Barusu being responsible for Ram’s injuries? There is no place in Ram’s life where Barusu has any such role. How repulsive.”
“What’s repulsive is talking like that! Stuffing grass into a person’s mouth is even worse!”
Subaru protested as he pulled the lump of ivy that had been shoved into his mouth, his eyes watering due to the grassy odor. Hearing that, Ram responded with an unapologetic “Haaa.”
At the argument going on between Ram and Subaru, the sound of giggling could be heard.
“Big Brother and Big Sister…look like such close friendsss. It’s like watching two siblingsss.”
Said Meili, who’d spread her legs out on the grass mattress covering the floor, the mini crimson scorpion perched on her head. Ram’s face scowled at her giggling with an easy-to-understand expression—
“Barusu is my little brother…? For argument’s sake, let’s assume it’s true, but even if we weren’t related by blood, the Oni Village would cull a useless little brother like him.”
“Is the Oni Village really so severe? I’m glad I wasn’t born as an Oni…”
“That was just a joke. But, it’s just that Ram could not stand the horror and would have you culled.”
“Don’t make it more complicated by doubling up on your assumptions!”
Spit flying, Subaru shouted that at Ram, who was acting like she usually did. Having said that, he could now see that it was just her roundabout way of showing consideration for him. She’d said that the cause of her injuries was not due to his decision, after all.
It was difficult for him to presume upon that consideration. But if he were stubborn and insisted that he was the one responsible, he would instead incur Ram’s ire.
“You’re…such a troublesome girl, Big Sis…”
“After Meili’s presumptuous remark just now, kindly stop calling Ram ‘Big Sis’. It would be troublesome if someone we met for the first time had a misunderstanding.”
Getting the usual cold reply and the Ram experience, Subaru looked around the room—at everyone in the Green Room. There was Subaru and Patrasche, and Ram and Meili along with the mini crimson scorpion. And at the back of the room was the Sleeping Beauty lying on a bed.
“—Rem…is she not awake?”
“I regret to say this, but…I beheaded that hateful, rude person. Lady Emilia’s stuff seems to have returned because of that…”
“Julius’ stuff hasn’t returned, and neither has Rem’s… Is there anything we’re missing?”
Pressing his fist firmly into his palm, Subaru chewed on his bitter feelings.
He had once again confirmed the matter he had spoken about to Emilia and the others about before losing consciousness. —In the end, they would need talk to those guys directly and wring the information out of them in order to completely eradicate the damage caused by Gluttony.
“Are the ones here…based on the severity of the injuries? Where are Emilia-tan and the others?”
“If it’s Big Sister and Beatrice, they said they were going up there to meet someoneee. Waaay up on the first floor, waaay, waaaay up there… Who might be up there? Big Sister Ram must know, riiight?”
“It’s nothing to be concerned with. However, there is a large, senile old man there.”
“The senile old man at the top of the watchtower…is DEFINITELY an important key character…”
Hearing that there was a new character, Subaru wrinkled his eyebrows. Who was the senile old man that Ram was talking about? Or, if they were an overseer like Reid on the second floor, then—
“—It couldn’t be Flugel, right?”
“Barusu.”
“If Flugel is the one who is up there, I’ll never forgive him. I have enough to say to that guy to fill a whole mountain. If he isn’t there, then Shaula…”
“Barusu, please calm down.”
“Calm down? Ram…you, that kind of thing, Shaula, she…”
The cheek of the vigorous and rash Subaru was slapped while he was trying to determine the true identity of the old man on the top floor of the tower, causing him to put strength into his knees. The cause…was the palm of Ram, who had moved in on him.
With his face having been slapped, Subaru widened his eyes and looked at Ram with a dumbfounded expression.
“Don’t use Shaula as a crutch because of your own powerlessness.”
“───”
“I heard about Shaula. She was obnoxious and unmannered, and the eyes that admired Barusu were rotten…but she wasn’t so bad that she deserved to disappear.”
As she spoke, Ram gently placed her hand on Subaru’s struck cheek. It was hot, but her palm was cold. While absorbing the heat, Ram continued her words to the speechless Subaru.
“If you can’t accept it, then, rather than getting angry, just cry. Shaula would be happier if you cried out “I miss you” rather than using her as a reason for your anger. —Ram is the same way.”
“Ram…”
“I still believe you are mixing up someone you should strongly care for with someone else.”
After getting one last word in, Ram flicked Subaru’s forehead with her finger. That painless force made Subaru fall onto his butt, and, as he placed his hand on his forehead, said “My bad…”
If Subaru calmed down, Flugel being on the first floor could just be called his own desire, or even something like paranoia. But for argument’s sake, if Flugel really was there—
“Before Barusu could do anything, Lady Emilia and I would beat him until he was on the cusp of death.”
“…I can see you doing that, but not Emilia-tan.”
When thinking of Shaula, the amount of anger directed at Flugel was by no means small, and everyone in the tower naturally shared that feeling.
With Ram’s affirmation, Subaru let out a long exhale. In that case, he was curious about who the senile old man on the first floor was.
“Let’s put that aside for now. If we assume that the senile old man can be helpful in some way, then we should ask him about the victims of the Sin Archbishop of Lust, not Gluttony.”
“That’s a pretty big thing to talk about…so, uh…”
Ram clearly had her priorities straight at this point. Being able to advocate for such a thing without hesitation was one of Ram’s fine qualities. Subaru could also resonate with her ideas to a certain extent. The prospect of being able to save the victims of Lust was attractive, but…
“But did Big Sister Ram have something else in mind when you said that?”
However, Meili had said that right next to Subaru’s face, who was on guard. She poked the mini crimson scorpion on her head with her finger and said—
“Didn’t you say this before? The effects of Gluttony have something to do with time or something like thattt.”
“—. What a loose-lipped girl. In that case, it will be necessary to discipline you properly once we return home.”
“Ohhh, so scaryyy.”
Meili held her head and stuck out her tiny tongue. Above her head, the mini crimson scorpion aimed its pincers and stinger at Ram, as if trying to protect her. However, under Ram’s icy gaze, it quickly shrunk into a little ball.
He could sense a part of her previous self in that flustered behavior.
“Ram, that hypothesis is? What’s it about?”
“It doesn’t amount to much. However, it’s been said that Gluttony eats other people’s memories, correct? If they are truly treated like food, I believe that time will affect the rate of digestion.”
“Digestion…”
“Lady Emilia’s came back a few hours after it was taken away. If so, then what about the other victims such as Julius the Knight, the people of Priestella, and Rem?”
“—Ah.”
After hearing the hypothetical statement of Ram, whose finger was raised, Subaru’s eyes widened due to how uncomplicated it was. Just as she said, the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony had equated the stealing of Names and Memories to eating. If that were more than just a superficial expression, then he could find her hypothesis to be satisfactory.
It took time for the Names and Memories that were stolen away to be digested. Then, the reason why Emilia’s Name came back but nothing else did was because—
“…There’s no way…has everything already been digested?”
“—I’m not sure. There’s a possibility that it might just take time for them to come back. If that’s the case, then there is hope. The Memories of Julius, the other victims…and Rem, will hopefully come back, too.”
“───”
Not knowing whether it was good or bad, Ram made the above explanation. Subaru knew what she was thinking as well. This was a question that could not be answered immediately.
However, now that Batenkaitos had been slain and Alphard had been captured, Subaru had another big thing to worry about—no, it was something that had come up once again.
“Louis Arneb…”
He had come across her, the final Gluttony, in the Corridor of Memories by chance, and then left her there. Was that young girl, who did not possess her own body, and took over the bodies of her two brothers as well as Subaru Natsuki’s in order to commit evil deeds, really the object of a Witch Factor?
Her abilities were not inferior to those of Gluttony. However, if the life of the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony was needed to undo the damage caused by their Authority, how could he defeat Louis, who was in that place? In the first place—
“Does the concept of dying exist in that place or not?”
In that place, a spirit-like body took the place of a physical one. He may be able to emulate an idea from manga and games and apply it to kill a spirit, but would that be enough to release a Witch Factor?
Whether it was that place or Louis who remained there, nothing about them was clear. Moreover, even if an answer could be garnered—
“When Julius defeated Reid, Reid’s role in the Trial was terminated. If that’s the case, then wouldn’t Reid go back into his blank Book of the Dead?”
Subaru had managed to go to the place known as the Corridor of Memories within the cradle of Od Laguna. And the reason why he had managed to do so was because of an empty Book of the Dead that just happened to lead to that place.
Since the soul of Reid Astrea had been used in the Trial, there had been a gap in his Book of the Dead, which was connected to the Corridor of Memories. If that was no longer there—
Subaru Natsuki may have missed the opportunity to defeat Louis Arneb.
“───”
Subaru had thought a lot about it, and he needed to confirm the possibility that Reid’s Book of the Dead was still blank. Not only that, but he also had a way to challenge his own Book of the Dead. This was a trump card that connected him to the Corridor of Memories.
Although he would have to go through the hell of watching himself Die again, it was better than closing himself off to other possibilities. He thought it would be much better for him to do so.
Instead of giving up because I’ve made irreversible mistakes—
“—Such a fool.”
“Big Sis?”
“If you have the leisure to worry about such frivolous things, then it would be much better for you to rest your mind and body so you can think properly. —Barusu was not the only one who failed to choose the most excellent answer in this tower.”
Shaking her head, Ram gently touched her forehead. Remaining there where her horn previously came from was a slim scar. After doing so, she stretched out that same finger towards Rem, who was on the bed. She then lovingly caressed her sister’s forehead and said—
“For the purpose of defeating the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony, I borrowed Rem’s power. Though I achieved victory in the end, it came at a cost… This girl must have paid a heavy burden, right?”
“Heavy burden…”
“If it were Barusu, and I did the thing where I activated my horn, Barusu’s body would probably explode from the inside out.”
Subaru, who had taken on Ram’s usual burdens before, knew very well that these were not exaggerated words. The simple acts of breathing and moving conservatively made Ram experience the taste of hell.
That kind of her was the real deal. —What sort of recoil would he get from it? It would be no exaggeration to say that had Subaru taken it on, a part of his body would suffer from so much damage that it would never be able to recover.
After Ram told him that she made Rem take on her burdens, she closed her eyes, revealing her long eyelashes. However, she said, “Make sense?” and then continued—
“Because of this, Rem might feel resentment towards me when she wakes up. However, I will not regret it. Ram is Rem’s sister. That fact will never change, even if this girl resents or hates Ram… Then, so that things might get better, we can only rely on each other.”
“—Rem…won’t hate you.”
“Yes, I’m sure you’re right. —She’s a very smart girl, and my amazing little sister.”
Like this, Ram smiled, brimming with confidence, and looked at Subaru with her pale crimson eyes.
Though she had no memories of her little sister except through Subaru, since she came to love her, she no longer doubted her feelings. Instead of lamenting about the past, it was better to forge a better future.
“…Saying these words to me…really hits me where it hurts, you know.”
Unbeknownst to Ram, Subaru had gone through several loops to change the past. For Ram, who was an extremely positive thinker, it wouldn’t be too much to describe Subaru’s using of Return by Death as being an extremely regressive form of thinking. Return by Death, which changed what had already occurred, was always used because of regretting the past.
“In the end, it’s better not to use it, huh…”
Subaru once again loosened his tightly clenched fist, smiling bitterly. He admitted that he used Return by Death in order to seize a better future where everyone could laugh together. Based on that, he also knew he should not indulge himself too much in the use of Return by Death itself.
In this tower, Subaru had seen the shedding of so many tears and heard many voices full of regret.
“Although I’m not sureee, but Big Brother looks to be a bit betterrr.”
Seeing the change in Subaru’s expression, Meili whispered that whilst sitting on the floor. She was sitting in a P.E. sitting posture, and, while stroking her three-strand braid, said—
“Big Sister (Emilia) and Big Sister Ram can do iiit, but I’d be in trouble if you felt down since I can’t cheer you uppp, so please don’t feel dooown. You promiseddd me you’d show me how much I could depend on you to get things done, riiiight?”
“Oh, there was that promise as well. Uh, well, I’ll definitely keep it…this time.”
Gazing at Meili and the mini crimson scorpion on her head, Subaru nodded his head vigouresly. To the side, Patrasche nuzzled her head against his cheek, as if supporting his determination. Though her scaly body was tough, since he had gotten used to it, he could rub his cheeks against it without feeling uncomfortable.
Subaru returned that show of affection with affection of his own and then stood up. Although he had consumed so much energy before that’d he collapsed earlier, he seemed to have more or less recovered his lost strength. The Spirit of the Green Room had a variety of healing methods at its disposal.
“If I think about it, whether it be Gyan who joined the big battle, or the Spirit in this room, I don’t know how to thank them enough for everything they’ve done.”
Shaula had explained that although the Green Room was used as a recovery room, there was a Spirit here originally that was fond of treating the injuries of those who entered the room.
It did not have a physical form, nor was it possible to converse with the Spirit, but its intention for healing others was crystal clear. Subaru and the others had been healed time after time by this room as they constantly attempted to capture the tower.
It was for that reason that, after arriving at the watchtower, Rem had been left in this room.
“Wellllll, I didn’t let her stay here just ‘cause I wanted her to hang around.”
“The Spirit, then. Barusu…no, it’d be a waste to say it. Why don’t we force it to come out by using Julius’ Divine Protection of Gathering Spirits?”
“I know what you’re trying to say, but it won’t work on me since my strong point is that I can put my life on the line for Beako. Anyways, I wonder if we can talk to it with the added effect of Julius’ Divine Protection…”
The Divine Protection of Gathering Spirits was simply a Divine Protection that made it easier for him to be liked by spirits. Under that effect, he had contracted with his six quasi-spirits—no, La and the others who’d been elevated into spirits. If he could use that effect to converse with the Spirit of the Green Room, it would open up a world of possibilities.
The Spirit has been in the tower for as long as Shaula, if not longer. That nameless being might be able to help solve the mysteries in the watchtower—
“—?”
While Subaru was immersed in his thoughts, a small breath suddenly flowed into the room.
“Ram? What’s the matter?”
“…I…sensed something strange. This is…”
—Ram uttered an unusual premonition in that moment.
“—Hic!?”
“HUH!?”
A phenomenon suddenly occurred in the middle of the Green Room—light spilled out, shocking Subaru and the others. In response to that, their bodies suddenly stiffened, and Subaru and Ram gravitated over to where Rem was. Meili and Patrasche also seemed to be wary of it and slowly moved away from the light.
“What-what-what-what, what’s happening!?”
“I don’t know! In any case, do not leave us! No matter what happens… Oh, AH!?”
Subaru shielded the flurried Meili behind him, his warning words having been interrupted. The reason was because the light in the room suddenly became brighter, which captured his attention. Then, while covering his eyes with his hands, he carefully gazed in the direction of the light.
He could see that the light, which was currently strong, was gradually becoming weaker, and then it disappeared. When he wasn’t sure whether or not he should be relieved or cautious, ‘That’ appeared in front of Subaru’s eyes.
“—Huh?”
Subaru wasn’t sure what it meant when ‘That’ appeared right in front of his eyes in the spot where the light disappeared. He became speechless, then stunned, and then speechless once more.
“…A girl?”
Next to Subaru, seeing the same thing as him, was Ram, who’d muttered that in surprise. That observation was correct. However, between him and her, she did not have the same knowledge of the Girl that Subaru did.
Subaru…knew the name of that Girl. The name of the Girl lying on the floor of the Green Room was—
“—Louis Arneb.”
△▼△▼△▼△
Louis Arneb, the girl who appeared in the middle of the room along with the light.
Subaru was speechless when the youngest sister of the Sin Archbishops of Gluttony trio known as Satiation—and was not supposed to have a physical form—appeared in reality like that. However, the nearby Ram did not fail to pick up on his words.
“Louis Arneb…the name of the last Gluttony, isn’t it?”
Subaru had yet to tell Ram the details about his encounter with Louis through the Book of the Dead during this loop. He’d only mentioned that he’d had contact with her. Ram had a very good memory indeed.
Now faced with this question, Subaru was a bit disturbed.
“Ah, ah, that’s right, she’s the last one of the Gluttonies…Louis Arneb. The little sister of Batenkaitos and Alphard…”
“—. It appears that she is unconscious.”
Based on what Ram had said, Subaru calmly observed Louis and determined that she was indeed asleep. Well, he could say that, but he wasn’t exactly sure if that was the case. How in the world could Louis, who didn’t even have a physical body, appear here like this?
He could not imagine that she, who was ever-so terrified of and despaired because of Subaru’s Return by Death ability, would somehow reinvigorate herself within a few hours and come back to challenge him again.
—The thing known as Death was something that left a deep wound in a person’s heart.
“I can’t make any progress even after thinking about it… Meili! Go get Emilia-tan and the others! Ram and I…will watch her!”
“Really, you’re suuuuch a slave driverrr… Don’t let yourself die easily, ‘kay?”
Gradually moving backwards, Meili moved towards the entrance of the Green Room. Subaru heard her admonishments and gave her a thumbs up before she left.
He saw the mini crimson scorpion above her head put up its pincers as if imitating her, before she quickly turned around and went to go get Emilia and the others.
And then, in the room where Subaru and Ram remained—
“I don’t think anything will happen, but in any case, should we tie her up with ivy?”
“I’d rather not provoke them…Barusu, have you noticed it yet?”
“—? What?”
When he was trying to discuss the treatment of Louis with her, Ram grabbed his shoulder and asked him that. Not seeming to understand the purpose of her question, he cocked his head.
So, Ram pointed at the ceiling of the Green Room with her chin—no, the entire room.
“—The healing effects of the room have disappeared. The Spirit is gone.”
“Ah… That’s a joke, right?”
“It’s not a joke. Barusu, even you will be able to feel it if you concentrate. There is an emptiness in this place.”
Subaru looked around the room, spurred on by Ram’s statement. Even if he was told to concentrate, the way Subaru felt the presence of a spirit was by picking them up, kissing their face, sleeping together, and so on. He’s not sure about other ways of doing it.
However, just as Ram had said, he could no longer feel the gentle power that had previously wrapped around his entire body. It seemed that something had indeed happened, for the Spirit in the Green Room was no longer there—
“If that is so, then perhaps it has something to do with the Sin Archbishop.”
“───”
Subaru could not deny Ram’s conjecture. He also had a similar thought. The Spirit in the Green Room had disappeared and been replaced by Louis Arneb. Then, perhaps—
“—. Anyways, it’s best not to jump to any conclusions. We should wait for Lady Emilia and Lady Beatrice to return. Once Lady Emilia and the others come back—”
—We can continue our discussion on what to do with Louis. He thought that that was what Ram was about to say. However, she did not continue her words. One step ahead of her—the blackness that led to the demise of all…had assaulted the Pleiades Watchtower.
“—Hic!?”
A huge explosion went off at their feet, letting off a bang, causing Subaru and the others to get thrown into the air. Seconds afterwards, his entire body crashed into the ceiling and wall, making him let out a “Guh!.” He then turned his head to figure out what had happened.
—Fear permeated throughout his whole body as that vile presence drew near.
“N-no way…”
In a state of disbelief, Subaru stood up, denying that foreboding feeling in his gut. But that horrible chill grew stronger and stronger, making his suspicions more and more real.
“Patrasche! Take Ram—!”
“—Ree–reeee!”
As he crawled along the floor, he grabbed Ram’s body and threw her over to Patrasche. Though she was still covered in injuries, Patrasche understood his intentions and flew towards the room’s entrance.
“Barusu, that fool…!”
Ram resented that forceful action, but there was no time to listen to her. Subaru pushed off of the ground and sped towards Rem on the bed made of ivy. Then he carried her towards the door—
“───”
—Just before that, the figure of Louis, who was tumbling in the grass, passed by the edge of his vision.
“—Hic! Aaah, shit! Shiiiiiit!!”
While spewing out curses angrily, Subaru exerted as much strength as possible with his worn-out body for this maneuver. With Rem’s body held in the right hand, he used his left hand to grab Louis’ arm by force.
Both of them were rather light. In extraordinary circumstances like this, it was possible for him to ignore the weight as he carried them. Like this, carrying both of them, he was on the verge of leaping out of the Green Room.
“───”
A black shadow emerged through the floor of the Green Room, as if trying to cut Subaru off from the entrance—indeed, it was the black shadow. The last of the five obstacles—the black shadow of the Witch who had an obsession with Subaru—had come to the tower at a time like this.
“Ram—!”
Subaru, who was screaming maniacally, tried to get Rem away from the clutches of the shadow. However, the black shadow swallowed up his vision, leaving not even a gap. Moreover, the black shadow did not stop flowing in, engulfing him from the front, the left, the right, and the back.
“Damn it… Even though…I’ve made it this far…!”
Gazing at the shadow inching closer and closer, Subaru’s heart was filled with regret as he tried to find a way to escape. If he got swallowed up by the black shadow, he would lose his life and have to Return by Death. If he Returned by Death in this tower, and his respawn point had not been updated, then he would have to start over at a point when Louis was still within him.
If that happened, he would be at the mercy of the Sin Archbishop in the shape of a white girl. That fear was what drove him to do his best with the attitude that this loop was his last chance—
“BARUSU! SNAP OUT OF IT! REM WOULD CRY!!”
“—REE–REEE!!”
Coming from beyond the black shadow were the desperate cries of Ram and Patrasche. In response, Subaru took a deep breath, but could not utter a word.
—Long before that, the entirety of Subaru Natsuki had been swallowed up by the black shadow.
△▼△▼△▼△
—Having been swallowed up by the immense black shadow, Subaru’s consciousness slowly swirled around in the darkness.
“───”
He felt as if his hands, feet, blood, flesh, and his very existence had been broken apart and turned into concepts. Consumed by endlessly powerful and vast emotions, his very existence had been overwritten.
“—I love you.”
He heard a murmur in that silent and dark nothingness. That sound was, indeed, very nostalgic for him, causing Subaru Natsuki’s consciousness to smile to itself. Getting used to someone saying “I love you” to him was akin to being the Knight who was loved by his six spirits.
Unfortunately, Subaru didn’t have a strong will like that. Even if he pushed himself to his limits, the love he could give was limited to what he could do with his own two hands and back. So, the whispers of the black shadow just seemed like forced words to him.
“So? It’s way too forced, you know…”
“—I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you.”
“Sorry, can’t give you an answer to that… That phrase is like a landmine to me right now. I’ve never been able to grab the hand of the person who said that to me…”
“—I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you.”
 “…Is there no way for us to hear each other? Then…hurry up and consume me.”
In this nothingness, there was no hope of escaping from it and living. So, Subaru Natsuki would die a merciless death in the darkness. He would not grieve over it, but would accept it and turn that feeling into anger, pushing himself onwards.
“When I get back, the worst thing may be waiting for me. Louis, who would still have a clear head on her shoulders, might fight me again for my Return by Death ability.”
“—I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you.”
“But, I’m not gonna lose. I won’t lose. No matter how many times it takes, I’ll keep fighting. This time, I’ll keep my promise.”
“—I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you.”
“—I’ll fight for tomorrow’s tomorrow, no matter how many times it takes.”
He would no longer be overwhelmed by the repetitive “I love you’s”. He was sorry, but the heart that could be wounded by such words had gotten worn out long ago. This kind of ‘love’ could not chain Subaru Natsuki down any longer.
And yet the words of love that were continuously uttered did not pay any mind to Subaru’s rejection. Indeed, the words of love themselves came pouring in, coating the world in them as Subaru Natsuki was swallowed up by the darkness—
“—I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you.”
“—I, am Volcanica. In accordance with the ancient covenant, the will of thee who hath reached the top shall be questioned.”
In the next instant, a pale blue light poured down from above, striking the darkness that had engulfed the world. That fierce light then swallowed up the darkness, and the color of the world changed—
It changed—
It chan…ged—
△▼△▼△▼△
“Mmm…”
Subaru groaned as he felt a rough sensation moving against his face and opened his eyes. His consciousness slowly returned. And at the same time, on the other side of his open eyelids, his blurry vision gradually returned to normality, revealing an outline.
Subaru had continued to feel a rough sensation on his cheek during this time.
“Pat…rasche… I…got it. I’m up. I’m awake…already…”
He wasn’t sure just how tired he was, the sound coming from his throat was incredibly thin, and he wasn’t sure if his intentions were being communicated properly. The other person didn’t show any signs of stopping their skinship.
“You’re being such a sweetie… I bet you could win the next heroine contest with that cuteness…”
“Aaaah-ooh?”
“Aaaaaah…ooh…?”
After swallowing some saliva in his dry mouth, he managed to utter a word and got a response in return.
However, the answer Subaru received was different from what he was expecting, causing his face to stiffen. His cheek was being licked like mad, and, gradually getting his vision back, what appeared in front of him was—
“Woo, ah—?”
—Louis Arneb, whilst sitting on top of Subaru, was licking his face.
“Nn, UWAAAA—!?”
“Waaah!”
Subaru was startled by that impossible sight and then immediately pushed Louis, who’d been in front of him, away. Due to that action, she let out a anguished cry and rolled around on the grass.
Gazing at that sight, Subaru desperately slid his butt backwards.
“What, what, what, what the hell are you doing!? What are you trying to do?! Coming on to me like this…”
“Woo—, Woo—? Wooah—”
“Waah, what in the! What, what the hell… Did I…die…?”
Subaru stared at Louis in complete shock, his voice trembling with desperation. Right in front of Subaru was Louis, lying on her back in the grass, shaking her arms and legs like a child, whining.
He didn’t understand what she was doing. What was the point—no, before that—
“What, where…is this place…?”
Without taking his eyes off Louis, Subaru observed his surroundings whilst staying vigilant. Then, what came into his view was a lush, green prairie—as if it were a vast grassland, flowers swayed in the wind here and there.
“───”
Such a sight would be impossible to see in the Augria Sand Dunes. Well, to be precise, there were also things like flower gardens there where courtesan bears lived, but this was not an artificial place, and the vegetation was definitely real.
A little bit further away, Subaru could see a forest, plunging his mind into confusion. This clearly was not the Augria Sand Dunes. It didn’t seem to be the Corridor of Memories where he’d encountered Louis before, either.
“The grass seems pretty real. And it tastes like…Peh, peh! Grass!”
After pulling up some grass and checking the smell and taste of it, Subaru was certain that it was real. Then, basing it on the injuries he’d incurred and the state of his torn clothing, he confirmed that the traces from the last battle—the battle surrounding the Pleiades Watchtower—had remained.
That is to say, that the battle had taken place, and Subaru had yet to die. He had been swallowed by the massive black shadow that had assaulted the Green Room and survived.
“—That’s right! Rem! Rem is…”
If Louis was right here in front of him, that meant that Rem, who he also had in his grasp at that time, would also be around here.
Based on that idea, Subaru ignored Louis and searched around the grassland for Rem. It did not take long for him to find her soundless figure lying down in the low-cut grass.
“Rem! Ah, this is great… What a relief, you’re safe and sound…”
Rushing over to Rem, Subaru confirmed that she was indeed safe and then fell to the ground in relief. She also appeared to not have any external injuries. Her body temperature and slow breathing were just as they were before. This made Subaru breathe a sigh of relief and wipe away the sweat on his brow.
“Ah, there’s nothing to worry about. Big Sis would kill me if anything happened to Rem, anyways…”
Even if Ram didn’t do anything, Subaru would go ahead and off himself since he wouldn’t be able to forgive himself. While having such thoughts, Subaru uttered “Then again…” and then looked up.
“Where is this place…where’s the tower at? Where are Emilia-tan, Beako, and the others?…”
Looking around, he still could not find the watchtower that was supposed to be visible in the distance. No matter where he looked, the result was the same.
“EMILIA—!! BEAKO!! RAM—!!”
“Ooo, waaah!”
Even if he couldn’t see them, there was a possibility that they would respond, so Subaru called out to Emilia and the others. However, his voice beget hollowness, and the only one who answered was Louis, lying in the grass. Although that fact annoyed him, it was also true that he could not ignore her presence.
With no way of knowing what she was trying to do, nor with a way to deal with whatever it might be, the only one who could protect Rem was himself, so he got up so he could deal with Louis and—
“───”
—When he was about to get on his feet, someone gently grabbed onto his arm.
“—Eh?”
Subaru, currently on one knee and about to stand up, emitted a gruff breath. Though the strength of the arm pulling on his sleeve was not much, he could not move an inch.
“───”
Subaru’s knees began to creak and tremble, and his whole body began to sweat. It truly was an incomprehensible urge. The entire being known as Subaru Natsuki began to shake all at once, the phenomenon making him go crazy.
That was…a shock that could not be described in words.
That was…intense emotions that could not be compared to anything else.
That was…of all the great surprises he had savored in this world, it was as big as a massive wave.
“—Ah.”
Slowly, her eyelids trembled and opened slightly. Beneath those eyelids were her pale blue eyes, as clear as the surface of a lake.
He loved…her happy and cheerful eyes.
He loved…the twinkle in her eyes when she occasionally acted mischievously.
He loved…the eyes that grasped his heart when she pleaded with him.
—He had always, always, always, yearned for that radiance.
“Re…”
His heart thumping, his throat quivering, as if he were choking on something, unable to produce a sound. He’d choked up. That was indeed so. How many thoughts were swirling around in his heart at this moment?
The words he’d wanted to convey to her, the things he’d wanted to talk to her about, the dreams he’d wanted to share with her, all of these had been accumulating.
In pursuit of these very things, Subaru Natsuki—
“—Rem.”
His lips trembling, he called out her name. Sadly, he had failed countless times trying to do just that. He wondered if he had ever clearly conveyed anything to her. Perhaps it had only been done in his own fantasies, and the most important thing was never conveyed.
Out of fear, Subaru gasped out her name repeatedly.
“Rem, Rem… Remm, Remm… Re…m…REM!”
Each time he called out her name, he could not stop his tears from overflowing like a flood. Each time tears flowed out of his eyes, she became blurred. Whenever she became obscured, he was afraid she would slip through his fingers once more.
And so, with snot falling out like rain and desperately wiping his face with his sleeve, Subaru frantically tried to keep her face in his view.
“───”
Rem blinked silently, a light shining in her eyes. Having gotten to this point, Subaru knew this was not simply an illusion being shown due to his desire. He had no doubt that this was her—Rem—and she was here.
“—Ah.”
Rem appeared to be trying to say something, her lips moving weakly. Hearing only that weak sound, Subaru’s heart was on the brink of breaking. He’d always talked to her sleeping face, and, in order to confirm that she still had life, checked her breathing as she slept.
Ushering in countless mornings and nights, Subaru had vowed to get her back. However, not once had he heard her voice in all this time. Closing his eyes, he recalled how she’d called out his name, and all sorts of other scenes. —But all of that belonged to the past.
Today, tomorrow, he wanted to hear the voice of the new her. Now that wish had finally come true. Subaru had gotten what he’d yearned for.
“Re…m…It’s fine. It’s okay, so take your time…”
“—Who.”
She anxiously moved her lips, her mouth still closed. Honestly, he thought he should grab her a glass of water or something for her now. However, there didn’t seem to be a water source available near them, and it was impossible for him to tear his eyes away from her. Just a single word. If she called out to Subaru once more. When he heard that word, he would—
“—Are.”
“…Rem?”
In silence, Rem sped up the movements of her lips, seeking out any ounce of moisture in her mouth. Moistening her tongue with the secreted saliva, Rem finally regained enough strength to open her mouth. Then, with Subaru reflected in her light blue eyes, she opened her mouth and said—
“—Who…are…you?”
“───”
The sound that spun from her lips, tied together with significance, pierced into Subaru’s mind.
—Who are you?
“───”
Subaru knelt down, gazing at Rem’s expression, holding his breath. Then, painfully exhaling the accumulated breath in his lungs, he pounded on his chest. Harder and harder, twice, thrice, talking to himself.
He should have expected this possibility. The possibility that Rem might not remember him when she woke up, he had considered it. It was only natural to think of that if he took Gluttony’s Authority into account. There was a high possibility of her waking up without her Name or Memories.
Indeed, it was quite likely. So, it wasn’t like Subaru had never considered that she’d lack memories. And, of course, the shock and pain he was feeling right now wouldn’t be eliminated just because of this, either.
Even if that were the case, no longer would Subaru curse fate and live in despair, no longer would he live in rage, no longer would he pretend to be a tragic hero and feel sorry for himself.
Most important of all, Subaru Natsuki had already been told something by her.
“Please show me how awesome you can be, Subaru.”
“—My name is Subaru Natsuki.”
Gritting his teeth hard, Subaru threw away his anguished expression and pulled his cheeks up. Rubbing his face hard, he did his best to put on an act and give Rem a smile.
“You may not be able to remember it for now. But…I’m…”
“You…are…”
In the face of Rem’s question, Subaru made a pause and shut his eyes tightly. Then, his black eyes reflecting in her light blue eyes, he continued—
“I’m…your hero. —I’ve missed you, Rem.”
Saying this, for the sake of the girl he’d made an oath to, Subaru Natsuki once again took on the role of a hero. Bearing the image of a broken hero, the young boy once again gave his name for the sake of the young girl.
—Once again, here, and now, he vowed. To start a story with her, from zero.
<End of Arc 6>

